You know that what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can sell you as a farmer or a leather charity, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
Today I'm here to talk to you about circles and executives.
And you know that a general epidemic is something that takes you somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Boltonomite.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Somalia, October where I was the weird of class.
When they were beaten every week in the baby's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the teacher's room.
He did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to get out of the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California, -- I found a love -- and in the '70s, I felt the need to start working on organizations who fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, at night I received a phone call of that teacher, the Mrs.
I am disillusioned that adults never come to meet us.
You could come to Olympic, and please bring to that man I know you've been found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to get you bored with this please."
Well, next day we were in Clevel.
We went to see it, we laughed, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be honest.
We found a place, we understand it, and we care about it, and we fall away from his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to meet me, became a contrast box and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle, the circle, had become a circle -- and that exploration that I told you about was done in itself.
The exploration is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved the one.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
And I need truth and beauty -- and I'm very happy to talk about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure -- and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and there I saw my first telescopes.
I was amazed.
My heart was fast, I was struggled, trying to understand what was inside me.
The limits to my surrounding water almost 60 feet away, and I couldn't even think it was a night of snow on another snow of snow after year.
The temples are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break the ice bar.
Each ant has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some people are refused to get up and get up until the end, whereas others can't release it more and deliver in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a train, that are isolated and used -- in large measure as we see ourselves as humans.
But reality is all opposite.
As a train dropped, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As you wake up a limb launch water fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I love to photograph these limits as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments exist in that way, and not going to exist that way again.
It's not the death when you deliberately, it's not a end, but a continuation of your way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice ice that I photographed is very young, it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice has more than 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a picture that I photographed in Kevin, Greenland.
It's a little bit frequent to really get a reasonable train.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your manufacturing line.
You can see here, it starts to reduce, the boat has moved up to the other side, and the man is out there.
This is a picture of Greenland -- an average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so the table shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of the one by eating a baby.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much at the details of consciousness, because if you stop thinking about consciousness in yes, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm is attached to the X X of the volunteer.
And in the other case, the X X of sperm is attached to the X X of the volunteer.
Both of them think, and they started life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my solar activity I would have two roles.
In one of my roles -- I work with the story of Antarctica.
I'm a history of training, and what I study in this case is the way people open the anatomy -- I mean, of human bodies and animals -- how you consider the body fluid, the idea of the body, what you've thought about the body.
The other role that I hope in my work is the activist, as patients of patients or, as I say sometimes definitely dependent on people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working with, for example, with phantom twins, two people inside the same body.
I've worked with people with entire people, much higher than the media.
And I've worked with many cases of people with satellite sex -- individuals whose physical technology I don't fit in male and female statistics.
In general lines, we can call it interactive.
Intelligence adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples of ways of having a sex that doesn't bother in male or female ways.
For example, there is the case of the individuals with the basic collaboration of the community of the chromosome of the chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the feminist life, which becomes testicles.
And then, in the secular life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual comes from receivers of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome syndrome to the Angeles.
So, there are high levels of testosterone.
As a result, the body is developed by a typical female course.
When I was born, the baby is kind of a child.
It's a girl. It's created as a girl.
And so often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing up and developing the sensors, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After making tests you realize that instead of having antibiotics and it is, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is you can think of a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women like men, we have something called surprise glasses.
They're at the top of the body.
Survivors produce antibiotics, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- don't know their computer structure, I think to be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the antibiotics.
We produce antibiotics and respond to the antibiotics.
As a result, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the antibiotics than the woman who was born with testicles that have the honor syndrome.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the interactions are in the middle of spectrum, in certain ways, they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call of a 19-year-old boy born and raised as you'll see, I had no boyfriend and sexual relations with her, I took a life like a boy and I had just discovered that I had antibiotics and theory.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a frozen self-suburganic.
It had chromosomes 20, and in the ground, the surface glands were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their geologists were malled, their brain was exposed to the genetically male hormone.
I was born with a little bit of child, no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when I started to have medical problems caused by internal message, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was women inside.
Well, another quick example of an interactive case.
Some people with chromosomes are developing what you know as antibiotics, which is you have artificial tissue wrapped into a terrorist tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there's a lot of sex variations.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- -- are in love -- male twins, or international, are setting up to normal surgeons not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity, supposedly being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
Really simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catalog.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how astonishing it is to have children who are born like two people within a same body.
The most cute case of the year is last year with the South African correlation Carl Sergey, he was put in trial of judgment his sex in the International Institutes of Berlin.
Many journalists called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine if Carl Seven is man or women?
And I had to explain to the reporters that there's no such thing.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does not bring a distant line between men and women or men and international and interesting, we are us who we bring that line.
So, what we have is a situation where the more advanced the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought these categories -- we thought were stable analogies that are starving directly with stable identical categories -- are much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens much more complicated than the temperature allows you.
As we see, we get in a hopeful terrain.
We look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to look at about the fact that we can get from them in just a few nucleis?
And as we program in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we are doing probably are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the frontiers of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body gets human, and it has different rights to the pictures.
There are very advanced discussions today -- not in public, but I know within medicine, I know when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to look at this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of people put a pen on front of the nose, and if it moves yet.
If I stopped moving.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we should face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe think that this explosion of categories would be able to get someone like me.
In politics, I'm a programmer, giving people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it makes me nervous.
To believe that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about me.
I have from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first I have to admit that I'm a pressure of the Force parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexy. But they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and adversary and so radical in what they did, that I find that music as a musical consequence -- and not by music, which is totally supernorm.
That's why it happened in 1777 with the parents.
The founding fathers were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an atomic concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as they all remember, what our parents were rejected was the idea of monolita. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of Antarctica.
The world's monkeys didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of nationality.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power was coming to the political power of the grandmother and then the child, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it for a new analog concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They took the game field and they decided that the anatomy that I printed was the anatomy in common and not the atomic differences. That was a very radical thing.
And they were part of what they were doing because they were part of an illusion system that they were reading two things.
The democracy was being generated and at the same time born science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the story of the Cold parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were discussing the supernatural explanation, and therefore they rejected the concept of solidistic power from a visible idea of national rights.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of India, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were transforming the idea of analytical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were sitting on the foundations of the future of Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what about years later?
And women worked.
Then I came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Cartel Trade paradigm, which said, "I'm not a woman."
We found men at the filter of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, people of color that went to the analog competition on the analog difference and again, they worked.
We see the same with the Democracy movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at coincidence. We have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain dinosaurs.
But attention, I want to keep some analog dimensions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should be returned to the analogy.
I don't mean that the five-year-old children were allowed to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some analytical dinosaurs that for me make sense, and I think we should keep going.
But the challenge is to try to discover what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two states at the beginning of this talk.
We have two states, both of us in 1989 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary. He was born three months before time, one of June 1, 1980.
Hey, on the contrary, born in terms, was born on March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that he had been born three months before Mary were attributed every three months before Henry -- right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to benefit.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We find other barriers in relation to their rights.
Helmet, in virtue of being considered men -- if I haven't told you whether it's Bill, in virtue of being considered men now is particular of the obvious transmission that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary for his part, it doesn't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry every state with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still prefer analytical categories that in several ways, they're problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science fits so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could be delivered?
I don't want to give science to science, but at the same time sometimes feel like science is scared to us.
Where do we go?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to throw the line in some part, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a weird position.
For example: Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man there is not to have complex -- and that to marry a woman has to be crime.
Now, in practice, they don't make any criminal tests.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the research syndrome to the Angeles.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "The "Dear search for a solution.
It says that we should judge people not at the color of their skin, but in the content of their card," going beyond the atmosphere.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do this?
How do you judge people based on the content of your card?
I want to point as well that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to send people right to people, because I have to admit that I know from some blood genes that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the speakers I know can make more informed decisions and intelligent and mature about their sexual relationships than people in 40 that I know.
So how to put the subject of the continuution of cardiac?
It turns out very difficult.
And a part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resolution.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still going to be able to make this notion of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy and I think we will make a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the anger that a man who feels attracted by other men is sustainable to be killed, unless it's willing to join a sex change, which case it allows you to live.
We're not in that situation.
I was glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I spoke with a couple years ago that I had done a couple of years ago that I had done a few seed twins for then holding them up and set up his fame to go.
But when the phone asked him the motivation of the operation, it was a very risky operation, I said that in that other country, these kids would be very salaritized, and therefore I had to do it.
I said, "Well, has the political asylum instead of the surgical separation?
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the state of state.
So I think we need to be at head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical, for a feminist -- and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different analog technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interaction, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me are the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to hide from those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
A few years ago, when I was in the airport, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was feeling feminist -- like now, made me a strange platform."
"Look at what the feminist has from feminism."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
The feminist has to do with turning gender strategy, so there's nothing female in the female."
But the more I've thought about his question, the more I've been thinking about that there is something female in the feminist there.
I mean, that there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable social relationships.
So if the parents were very encouraged to find ways to protect people through the state, it's possible that, of having invaded more mothers to this concept, maybe we'd ever enriched the concept of protection with the support of the region.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anesthesia, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity and thinking more in relationships.
So as we try to create a deeper universe, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to recognize how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to them.
Well, at this point, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is they value much more than their cost of construction.
So we could easily train the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But they just pick it through apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who would want to live in apartments already were proposed and that at the other half still would be failed to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to increase the ability to increase all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid malaria and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those applications.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a whole new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate construction instead of putting it together.
So I proposed that governments create new enough areas of reform enough to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under states.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of reform Heros.
They knew that every year about 75,000 people out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Henry Henry happened by a dramatic conservative crisis.
In the next regular elections, Peter London was automatically implanted with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time.
He asked Alec to be his head of galaxy.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TED.
Through a process of perception, trial and error and a lot of trials with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under state to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and beat all the current advanced restaurants.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies like normal to progress, and it's usually the rules that are involved to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
He showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's consider this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City -- for me, land that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause -- October said, "Path, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low city is a place where you start with land trees, a state that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the President of Herbies called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country.
I was asked to go to Alice and talk again about four and five of them.
So I presented another talk full of data, which includes an image like this, that I tried to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennett and white line is the new airport.
Just this airport covered over 100,000 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the tools that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's more than 100,000 acres.
The whole world is collectively spreading.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The leader leader came to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have it in my computer."
So I sat up and showed the TED.
And this explains how essential a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might be in Honor, rather than hundreds of miles away to North Korea.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the government leaders of the government would need aid of advanced countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the state norms, so that everybody could trust that the state effectively goes away.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about 1,000 square miles.
And shortly after, the 19th of January, they voted in Congress to get their Constitution and add a conservative device that allowed these special development regions to create these destructive regions of development.
In a country that I just went through this painful crisis, the volcano at the forest of this conservative income was 124 to one.
All of the parties, all the factors in society, they repair it.
To include the Constitution, you have to justify two times in Congress.
On February 17th, again in another volume of 114 to one.
Immediately after volunteers, 21 to 24 percent February, a depression of about 30 tools was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's being built in South Korea is bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other interesting country in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this a practical, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that will allow the administrators to come, and at the same time they allow to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allowing his Supreme Court to be the last instinct for this new judicial system.
There are urban trees and buildings that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've already solved is that you have a good number of inhabitants.
There are a lot of companies that want to be inspired in America, especially in a place with an area of free book, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change somewhere else.
There's one million to the year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a job, sometimes are separate mothers who have to earn money for just eat or buy clothing.
Sadly, sometimes there are even children who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Herbies?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about investing so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new reserves?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my friends were asked to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesse and this is my value.
But before you show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and that is that life obsessed with the trips.
I love to find, sell, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, arms and color and different for each other.
But it doesn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is from second hand of light markets and second hands of sea.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand shops allow me to reduce the impact of my guitar in the environment and in my pocket.
I come to know interesting people, by the way, my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying becomes my personal search quest.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is my street?
Would I like color?
Is it less than 20 dollars?
If all answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I did for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what is someone who has all that cloth?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I did.
I've brought seven pairs of internal clothes and nothing else.
So Robot inside for exactly a week is all I've put in my vagina.
I imagine that I would be able to find everything else I want to use after coming here to Palm September.
And since you don't know me as the woman who walks for TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the songs for this week.
Isn't it interesting?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that will tell you or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called the brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
Almost you can always see it for less than 50 dollars.
All the tone, including the jacket -- I got 75 percent, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Little colonies: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're looking at a brilliant red landscape.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars. The integration is surprised.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
Just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Microsoft: Tell the child that you get inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the fires, or I remember their little seven years.
I like to join them and say, "Thank you."
James: The trust is key.
If you think you look well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good at something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there is no view that you can't reach.
So there's no excuse for anybody from this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Video: A universal truth six words for you: The legal tissues go to everything.
And finally, sadden -- developing a personal and unique personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tested it over and over again when people came to me this week, just because of what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I went home, Brown, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to give you excited to these things, because on the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and bright expecting -- if there's a little love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive.
So if we used a scale to measure the adoption of each hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely local.
This would be someone who's completely intuitive.
So where's your brain in this scale?
Some people would hate for one of these extremes -- but I believe that for most of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great app in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually excited.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most other experimental physicists experiment, we need a lot of logic to contribute these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this interface? Well, we like to play with things.
We can play with them and then see how they react and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you may have developed with the past of the years is that it says one thing can be just on one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you don't notice with this notion -- you develop it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, it always happens.
But I bet that the playing with that parking bar teaches a valuable legal, and that is that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they remain in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with standard bars, play with these strange particles.
And when you play with your particles, they find that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like that they can add walls, or that can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and call it the theory of quantum mechanics.
The physics was a few years ago, they needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That wasn't really offered to my intuition -- and maybe because it doesn't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particles.
But it was not really offered to my logical side.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then I shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow show that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics proposition.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal fish that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little metal traffic.
What we see is a little bit of metal piece, and it was sort of the transition and that surprised support in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I put all the big machines over 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this bubble with a form of orange painting that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum surface, but for it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a stream full of people.
I mean, when I am in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go out of doing those things, because I don't want to marry them, or, actually, to solve.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave the same way.
The travel companies of the objects are not just people, it's also the light that the story and the wind that goes on the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers into the quantum mechanics, we would have to go forward.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced a highway, and we extract all the air, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree above the zero.
Now, when you're alone in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was selling -- and the way I visited was like a breathing in this way -- like a soil that expands and tired.
And when you give them a smooth supply, we could make it viral and I don't see at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is really fantastic.
What does it mean that a virtual thing and doesn't see at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all of the atoms of atoms that contain that piece of metal are whistled and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain income when those are all the time.
At the rest of the time they're depressed.
I mean, every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is cool.
Seriously.
I was worth the foot to go into a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is about the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places. Why don't you also too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time. What would that be?
How would you act your consciousness if your body was available in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we heat it, and we put the lights and looked inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- seemingly all objects in the elevator actually are only quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the deep root of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Zimbabwe.
And 18 months ago, I had another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it up.
I was 18.
A lot of negotiations and stories -- you know, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demographics.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just in this slide and this is the accident.
I grew up in India.
It's a great education of education, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, I try to really make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than show the demo for then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken to happen from their laptop.
So, just go to George.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the U.S. gas, MoMA, the Stone, the Redwood, the Google Google.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to Metard, the New York Art.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and shoot, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Boston or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around, and they get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
And we open the bottom on the top, and with a single click, we jump in.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They go forward. They're diving."
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm on front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Congress Bernship Collidaries."
I see the situation B.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click out there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the genetic technology.
So this picture, for example, contains me, I think, about 10 million pieces.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million paintings?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million pieces.
It can make it very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this girl, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to improve.
So I started play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "Wait a moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and found that children were actually playing something.
I invented a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metashamitime, and actually discovered that this is a game called "The "The "The "Course of a Carrier of Carolina the Mars Sea.
And it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even more at depth and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective -- I'm going to take you out of the image, you can actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is for coming, a second.
So now we're quickly to jump back again at MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The nose Stan."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintings?
And if you want to see how van Google actually created this teacher work?
I increase it and actually do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The nose Stanford." I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite function.
There's a lot of things more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "College."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a motivation, that gives the same.
You can online your own museum to create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I called "The Power of Lake -- we just made a record around it.
This is the Berguens in the National Gallery of London.
You can add things, send it to your friends and maintain a conversation about what you feel when you put these masterpieces on your own.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humility with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital media make justice to his art work, and it's represented openly online.
And the big question that you ask me today is, "Do you do this to reveal the experience of going to a museum -- "You would get to a museum.
And the answer is no.
It's to complete the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a paper, a flying paper.
In our lab, we call it sensory design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I'm from electronic origin -- all the children in Italy, growing up with this picture in the wall of your bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in Facebook 1, one in the last two decades.
A few time ago, if you wanted to win a Facebook Facebook, you took a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good, you win the career.
This is what in engineering is called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an accident.
Now the interesting thing is that the real control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electricity.
Computers are becoming the free air.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and active.
The cities is a big thing.
As a note that I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption and to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these choices and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Palo Alexander for years in the MoMA.
It's called "The Tailo Torah. No."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk.
In a way, it's like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and actions.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Microsoft Angele.
You know, when Microsoft Andrew wrote the Moon, he says that at the end he took the hammer and swallowed it to the Mountain -- you can still see a little bit of monthlest lower, and he said screaming, "People are not painted -- what don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, looking at the idea of capturing the environment and acting something.
Let's start with depression.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer in 2006 luck.
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of Zimbabwe, I gave the heart.
And anyway, at the end.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Collin in the middle and the Golden River.
It's morning, before play.
The time line is at the top.
On the early afternoon, there are people over here, and there will be called moving.
It starts the pass," silence.
Green Gulf, Gulf of Italy.
Imagine, people make a quick call, and go to the bathroom, and go to the boat.
Second time. End of the time.
First extra time, second.
Big, and at a moment, the heart.
Gando Islam, yeah.
That night they were all to celebrate the center.
There you see the big summit.
The next day they went to the center to the encounter of the winning team and the first minister of time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the picture of the place called C. Manside Mars where, from the rare time, people are going to celebrate, it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how the city of the city can be measured in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection, not about people, but of things we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that are eating a Mac -- how they anxious.
But we know very little about where things go.
And so in this project, we developed a few small tags to trace the trash in the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently over a year, to tag what they were doing, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that would all be traveled.
Then we put a little chip up, a store, to the trash and then we started to fix it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
after a week.
With this information we realized that there are many implications in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that you don't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the rat that we reduce doesn't disappear, that still anywhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we fix one day still stays there.
If we show people, then we can promote some change change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague of MIT, Association Berkeley, could tell us much more about detecting and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act about the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago.
Everything started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will go to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a table, was: imagine that they have a case and voters, self-assembly valves that are open and closed.
It creates like a water horse, with water paper.
If you look at the papers, you can write on them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open so we can go on, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Zealand.
He liked a lot.
And they give a competition to design the building to the entrance of the epidemic.
We call it Digital Water Palestine.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you approach it to be able to happen.
The ceiling is also covered by water.
And if there's a bit of wind, if you want to minimize the superstars, you lower the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears like in this case.
That day there always will be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and said, "Let's say "do the building.
No, it's not that you have demonstrated it, but when you go down almost all the architecture disappears.
This is working.
You see people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I'm trying to not get up to testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All children in Barbie came to building because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it happen, but a building that kept doing cards and holes of water and you had to jump up to not move.
(Audience of people: And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is an image of the building with the physical paintings, the water pictures, and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those papers could start flying.
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air and each one had a little picture that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw earlier, that moves with others in silence.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what it changes is light, not the position of papers.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that would be able to put a cloud of pixels in 3D to which you can zoom in, and go forward, and see from very different angles in it.
This is the real Philip Congo, going down to the bottom to form a sight, like before.
When you look at light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have each pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bollywood -- one of the best dancers in today, the star of the New York City and the scale of Millennium, to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an entry for the Phoenix.
So here we can see Robert dancing here.
On the left you see the papers, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D in real time as a movement capture.
You can rebuild all the movement.
You can remember all the path.
And once we have the papers we can play with them, with the color and the movement, with gravity.
We want to use this as a possible power for the Phoenix.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could invite people to do something and change our environment as a cloud of clouds, like the grain of the grain but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody draw a little bit for a paper.
And I think the remarkable thing that's happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time, the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, from the adventure of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how to move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our clouds are painted.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered pictures.
You can move around, have different experiences.
You can see from below, to be able to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics.
So, it's so much a physical cloud of sky like something you can go up, like a new picture of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital factor at night, but the most important thing is that it's going to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I would say that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory, for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and more secure of themselves?
What would live more with good health?
Or maybe they are those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like to?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Music of Australia: Creatively, creativity.
How many people choose creativity.
Raise your hand. Let me see.
Some of them probably had the number of creative creative people.
That's very good.
How many chose the memory.
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about line line?
Ah, most of it makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or is maybe possible?
Evolution has been a theme here at the TED Conference. But I want to give you a look at a doctor about the issue.
The great genius of the 20th century, TED, Bangladesh, who also wrestled at the Royal Church, wrote a trial called "No biology in biology makes sense of the light of evolution.
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: Is it just the past, or the future?
Does it mean the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an end, is, of course, the most interesting one.
We depend on a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the switch you've had maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids in the interview.
Some of them have gone and back.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insult -- but it's the same protein, clean climate chemistry, which comes out of the pattern.
And talking about bacteria -- realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Antonio Mandela raises them about algorithm, think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderful hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, liver, it's very frightening.
And we're going to provide all of the nutrients that they can want without effort of their part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional interpretation of some force that is forced to the room.
But, therefore, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest nuclear nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what would the future deliver?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or destined to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast continuous symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief comet, the animal kingdom, as one single and only company, and human life, a small notion of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went back to college, I had my first kind of biology.
It was fascinated by choice and beauty of biology.
I fell out of the power of evolution and realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in college organisms, every cell simply distributed and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to two young cells.
But when you look at molecular organisms, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes presentation.
In fact, you could say that the invention of death death is in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student thought, well, sex, sex, death death, seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand George Bonoshans, who still acted in Las Vegas right in his 90 years.
And one night someone hit their hotel door at night.
He opens the door.
And in front of him you find a magnificent little orange of clothes.
He looks at it and says, "Come in search for a sexuality "Star."
"It's fine." He says, "I pick the sand."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily control, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to get healthy.
I wanted to regain health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome into the next generation, adapting and survival after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like reference rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next artificial level, and then let me fall at the sea.
I think we would all understand the feeling that Murray Alen when he said, "I don't want to get the ingredients through my job.
I want to make it not die."
Evolution doesn't necessarily force longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the faster or even the most intelligent one.
Evolution favors the best adversary to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the early bacteria that can survive the heat of the guns that I would produce if there were fish there, fish heart to the cow, yet they've managed to do that an adverse environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look forward, the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known a lot of genes that otherwise would have been fired and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species -- we've created our environment to be adapted to us as we are adapt to it.
And by the way, we look, we contained ourselves, and we get so excited that no longer is that possible to have the isolation for evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural kind of impact by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution are solid to speed, but they're innovative.
And in terms of the anticipation, when as a species that we compare different planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural fashion.
But there is a third possibilities, an attractive possibility and engineering and frightening.
The call neuroscience, the new evolution, which is not just natural but guided and chosen by us as individuals in decisions that we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more neighborhoods than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what it takes at the individual and familiar level.
They also think that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of your disability, but in your own body to do the genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic change to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or electrical application?
Would they want to make those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and killed 13 years.
It cost 1.3 billion dollars.
The next year of having done, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the 3.2 billion base pairs of human genome to a cost close to the 20th and a week.
It's not going to fail a lot for you to actually do the human genome for 1,000 and more and more and more to all of them.
These changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human inspiration in bacteria can make viruses that we're not just going to protect themselves but are going to indicate against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against climate influenza.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the store?
That's reality today and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
Imagine then only two little changes.
Can you change your bodies of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your desert?
What if you could change sperm and volunteers, or change your food recently happy, and give your kids a better chance of a healthier life, to remove diabetes, eliminating the hypothesis, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then that same analog technology -- that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases are going to allow us to also adopt hydrogen supermarkets, a better memory.
Why don't you have the income of a Ken Jefferson on all if you could increase the next generation of the Wars machine.
Why don't we have a faster concentration muscle that allows us to run faster and more different?
Why would not live more time?
This is going to be introduction.
And when we are in conditions of doing this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to become evolution of before in the organization.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to get to them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considering?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more universal or more robust, and more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all, we're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom necessary to make these decisions service?
For good or bad, and before you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine doing car, fall, fall.
Go on, fall, fall, fall, sound like self-state.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 19th.
It was the only one who could talk to flight attractions.
So immediately, I looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot goes the plane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the wheel.
Turn your engines off.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most unexpected words I've heard.
He said, "Protection for impact."
I didn't have to talk more with flight assistant.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people who I wanted to get and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to represent, all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that later. I came up with a phrase, which is, "Collaboration came bad."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to add anything in life.
And that organization, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we did the George Washington bridge, who didn't go for much -- I thought about it.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my errors I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity I also give my ego.
And I took the time that I learned in things that don't matter with people who know matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to get right. Let me be fish.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to be discovered, 17, 14, 13."
You see the water attached.
I'm saying, "Please she was saved."
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we were born, I had the feeling of, well, die doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, love my life.
And that phrase was made in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first degree -- not a lot of artistic talent -- yeah.  And I scream, closed, like a little bit.
And for me, that was all the reason for being the world.
At that point I understood by connecting those two points that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I came up with a miracle, not to die that day.
And I met another gift, which was the chance to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You guys who are flying today, the challenges that imagine that the same thing happens in their airplane -- and please not like that -- but imagine how to change?
What do you do, you still hope to do because you think you're going to live for you?
How do you change your relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are you the best parents you can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the biggest thing I worked in was this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important farmers in the 1980s.
And one day she came home after she ran and said, "Dad, I feel a member of the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has total parallels.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influence me.
I have a design of design and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to paint Tony to Tanzania, TED, and his cause.
So I went and met me with her brother and her father and I said, "Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he is able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, not that I see Stephen Harvard, is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those applications?
And he said, "No, unless you are important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Did anybody see the film "The Scotland and the Marshall?
They communicate in that way, they are going to go through the fingers.
I said, "That's artificial. How can it be?"
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a crash that had no idea of how it was going to work.
He committed me with her brother and with his father there at that time, and this is the treatment, and this is the treatment, Tony is going to speak -- we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their interest cannot combine it."
So I spoke a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GDP Gravity Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then with a laser place, draw about that and regulate the negative space.
So go out there doing art facilities like this.
All of the things that are coming, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much to move things around one side to another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One we took the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine for TED to communicate, a machine like Stephen Harvard.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's from the most fun. I call it Hollywood because talking to the guy you get an email email of it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fascinating."
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the world literally all the corner of the planet, to our house.
My wife, the children and I, we moved into the back of the back, and these hackers and programmers and consumers took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and that when we were coming back to the squares of the walls and in their place would have failed.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the show of Venice, my son was part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Iraq Seattle -- and you can see the description here.
They're a couple of sand streets that we buy on the storm of Venice, Vermeer Berony, some copper cart and things of Homo Delhi and Rachel Shanghai.
We take a CO2 camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- building yourself, we publish the free code, the software is under free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says no."
There's no hospital that can say no."
Any person with participants today has access to drawing and communicating only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was amazing.
So, at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's their room.
There was all this guy and antibody during the great setup.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sensors from all night, Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and is looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he went back to drawing for the first time in front of her family and friends, and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking parking place.
The funny thing was that we had to translate in the parking space, so we feel like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he gave us an electronic email -- and this is what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water and someone finally came to rescue and I would get out there so I could resist."
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war flu.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to record with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prints.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were from the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong title something about us, and then, in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends out to close the circle, is that in April of this year at the Gulf of Microsoft in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Arab in California.
And "Arab in the Californials is going to have the best exhibition of urban art Bang, Shanghai Farmer, CAPTCHA, all of them are going to be there.
SPECT is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- stage, the computer, the microphone, the school, nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hide recognition technology, just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that we all do every day when we find something that we feel like you have to do -- if it's not now, what? And if I'm not me, who is it?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in genetically difficult situations and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to prison, difficult.
I worked in a minute of coal, danger.
Film in areas of war, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days starting only this, and it makes the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving in sort of horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to deal with social issues in ways that solve algorithms, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that will be trained and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I would sell here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the patient wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I launched an electron in eBay.
I sent some messages in Facebook, some of them in Twitter, I offered the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What I had was this: "The USA is the following: My TED that you have no idea what it is about and against content could explain it in the face, especially if I put it back to you or your company by doing it.
But I said, this is a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a prototype in progress, by the way.
So even though I knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked it a year ago, I couldn't tell you a certificate.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we examined the world of the marketing world, the advertising world.
And as I said before, I've gotten in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be prepared to me, and anything could be done, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Solly, I want to make a film that deals with the production of products, the marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with production of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call the largest film ever selling."
What's happening in "The largest film ever sold is that everything from top to bottom, from beginning to end, has pictures of shoot, all the time, from the parking that appears before the title, the X Mark.
Now this framework, Chemistry Shanghai, the State Center.
These people will resemble the film to pressure, forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Music Karansas, is relevant." That's reduction." (Audience: Is it really relief?"
I'm a red profile. (Audience: I just say, it was more about children.
It was "The President.
But we're not just going to have the paradigm of the X brand on the ground, but we're going to make sure that we can add all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used.
The most great car that you've been driving in "The largest film ever sells -- the best trick you've ever drink, the greatest irony that you ever see -- the biggest movie ever sells."
Daniel King: The idea is then besides me to show the brands as part of life, make them finance the film -- (Audience: To make funding the film, MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this movie.
That's the complete idea, all the filter -- in principle of end.
And I would love that CEO helps make it happen.
Robert Frank: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the ultimate respect for audience.
Guy, however, I don't know how much people are going to be.
BL: You have a perspective. I don't know if "Play is very negative, but you know how it's going to replicate -- (CA: No idea, David Changing) How much money do you do this?
MS: A million and a half -- (Audience: All right, John Kanus: I think it's going to be hard to meet the meeting with them, but it's not going to be worth going to come to a couple of big brands.
BJ: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we see as a lot of little little bits of the linear ends.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Roboto: Most answers will be no."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be I?
JH: Both things.
MS: So, it means you're not very optimistic.
So they help me -- I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Very good. (CA: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what markets.
MS: Yes. (Audience: That's the challenge: When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Audience: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought that the camera means we have a conversation outside of microbial.
Applause the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie.
MS: And so it was one, one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
Nobody wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed. I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the secret media scenario, is not the idea to tell with that new worthy of attention that is going to lead the message to mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a gardening error and that error was this.
No, there was no such thing.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image means.
See, when you look for pictures of translation in Google --   -- this is one of the first images that they disappear.
I like your way to reduce, Sergey Brown. No.
This was the problem: transparency, symbol of simulation or deception -- easily determined or seen easily understanding, which is characterized by violence or activity of information, especially in business practices, being the last line maybe the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the prototype name, even the CEOs are born.
But suddenly when you try to do something changes quickly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  like that rare bear that still keeps region.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it absolutely?
Compare an entire cup of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story.
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in a lie, and there he is looking at me as used to do it, he said, "Hey, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency want to help us, and that just because I met John Bond and Richard King from many years, I realized that I would have to go for my own, I would have to go to the coach and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to agree with you -- I started to realize -- is that when you start to conversation with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends that make big, big, giant movies and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies, giant genes, say the reason why their films have so much success is due to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we going to compete with these big, giant movies of Hollywood?
And the film is called "The largest Film ever selling."
How are we going to see Barrier in the movie.
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my book, you'll see the distribute Bang.
At any point during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there is one of these fabulous shots.
So as much as "Congestion "Flower "Mountains are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as for women, solid to alcohol, in bars, as it is.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a positive view.
Karen Frank." We're a small brand.
It will simulate the kind of smaller movies that you had, we are more a reasonable brand.
So we don't have the budget that they have other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, remember Bang to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bassem is in white.
KS: That's a big question.
Woman: Open technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the atmosphere.
Man: Let's talk about something bold -- free.
I think "Freedom is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus "matter and surface."
It keeps you cold.
How do you get free for more time? With better failure, more failure, three times more fragile.
Things like those who solve benefits.
MS: And that's a multitasking company.
What about me? What about a common type.
I need to talk to the man from the street, to people like me, to the Peace Penns.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your battery?
Man: My battery My battle?
I don't know.
I like good clothing.
Woman: Redesing the 1980s, polio paint unless it is day of language.
MS: Okay, what is the Gore Gore?
Google: Something unique. (Audience: unique. Man: I guess the type of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glass."
I like dark colors, many Greek and things like that.
And usually it takes accidents like sunglasses, or I like criminals and similarities.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic contrast: Men Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I am, I call it a carbon vehicle."
Woman 2: In part of Higgs, in part of a stone, in part of the Ball, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of markets.
selling toys for marriages in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Feynman because it sends the market.
Man 5: Mark scanning failure.
Is that something?
Announcer: I'm a lawyer.
Tomal, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom Toma, but often I get involved in the intersection of dark glamour and carbon vehicle.
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go in my head, someone who could help us understand what they call the search of the search."
And I found a company called The Pilots Gallon in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nelson, Pennsylvania, Harvard to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
Apple: Treate the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
AT: So how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
E: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world where you live, like the people who surround you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and start in a place and in my case originally and start in my family, in West Virginia.
AO: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next day of my life."
A: How do this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me the "Oh, what does that feel for?
What is the map of the map in which you find you now?
Why is it important? What does red.
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you have?
It doesn't have to be fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Oh! (Audience: No, thank you.
AO: Thank you for your patient. (Audience: Big job. AO: Yes. (CA: Thank you very much.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Luther Zapping: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complex, in your brand personality -- the Mars Morance Saturday is a constant brand.
They're very well away together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other rather than focusing on both.
Many companies tend -- and it's human nature, to avoid things that are not sure, avoid fear -- those elements -- and you actually give them hard and make them a positive thing for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is classical, Alexander.
And you can also see here to Alex, Washington, Michael from Michael Cooper and Jefferson.
Now there are legal markings and conscious brands -- those things that have been and came in, but a legitimate brand is pretty powerful.
MS: A legitimate brand. What's your battery?
If anybody asks you to describe your identity of brand, your brand personality -- what would it be?"
Are you a hard adventure to make blood fly?
Or are you rather a distributed adult?
A little bit more climbering, resident, conservation."
The advanced attributes are like being playful to be free like Prison, contemporary -- order, aircraft, advanced or bold like Eric Francisco, fast or glass, professional, dominance, magic or mystic like Gando.
Or are you more than distributed adolescent?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 600?
Are you standard, traditional translators, protection, protection, you identify with Open?
Are you constantly, stable, family, conflict, safe, self-seeking and knowledge -- like Daniel Lama or Holla?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, and advanced and distributed -- who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the Nanopatch, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of the desire in the brain as much for commercial marketing as a child.
We went to San Paul where they have banned the advertising to free air.
In all the city over the last five years, there are no cards, there are no cards, there are no values, no values.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing way in schools with leadership problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer or in which I've had more success are those where I've interact with things directly.
And that's what these markets did.
They went to the internationally, they took their agencies out, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to do to people who are going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how has it left? Did they succeed.
Well, since the movie is being established in the Sandon Festival -- we take a look.
According to Bulls the film is standing in January, and since then, and this is not all, we've had 900 million impressions, in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online, no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in sandwich.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win.
And it's not bad because almost all of the agencies that we talk about to their customers will not be part.
I've always believed that if you take risks, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, you are pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees at the risk of the risk you're preparing all your company to stop rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to announce is that we have to encourage people to address.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, attaching, I think we have to give it to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a talk at a time, we have to open the risk.
And in definition, we have to adapt to transparency.
Today more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to get a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "Are "I "Arabia the Transparency has been presented by my good friends of AIMS who by 1760, bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EM: It makes great data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
AIMS says, "We "Are translation.
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Monterey, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 7.3 parts."
MS: It's an exciting question.
In my pocket I have a name to a name of the TED matrix, the Soviet Foundation, a collection for 760 to be applied to my TED association for the next year.
The idea behind the world computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Its greatest active to develop nuclear weapons is the Uganda energy plant in Namibia.
The Greek boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we can compare these systems that control sports and vulnerable, we can cause a lot of problems with control.
The gray boxes don't use Williams software -- they are a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus of Windows in a laptop computer used by an engineer to get this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
Let's start with a Windows instrument.
The eye goes into the gray box, damage the control, and the nuclear program would be demonstrated, mission.
It's easy, that one?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about Stanford six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Wikipedia, the instrument used multiple virtually virtually virtually virtually.
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes -- these control systems.
That was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stanford, and we saw what happened with this.
So they went very strange.
Stanford was behaving like a lab of laboratory that he didn't like our cheese -- the wave -- but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't feel for me.
And after experimenting with different women of cheese -- I realized, and I thought, this is an advertising attack.
It's completely distributed."
The instrument is looking at active box in the gray box if you find a specific conflict, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If not, Stanford does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It might be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the soon.
And then we extracted and we discovered attack, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very impressed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I would admit for.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the instrument of Stanford is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very much about what we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old commercial language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we look at at the beginning, they were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we look at temperatures and data structures and we try to relate them with the real world, with the potential potential of the real world.
We need theories about disasters that we can participate or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sandwich, it has to be a valuable white white blood, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections has been represented.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils to the nuclear energy plant of Bulield and the Christmas training plant.
So I told my assistant, "The list of all the experts in controllers and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I kept them in an effort for putting their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital wave with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part within the censorship, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you can certainly manage it and even make the certificate.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and figure out in an effort effort to go back to the nest engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher a big digital jihad looking very close to data and their structures.
So for example, the number 164 surfaces in that code, you can't survive.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these connectomes are built in Namibia and found that they're structured in what's called a street, and every waterfall contains 165 centiments.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it gets better yet.
These controllers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there is no manufacturing, it wasn't like that.
The results have been taken after various weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in carbon cards and we had to start again.
And yet, we discovered that both digital eyes went to one single single thing, but from different angles in it.
The small jihad is taking a waterfall and doing the robots and reductionistic them, and the big eighth communicates with six cables and manipulating volcanoes.
We are very confident that we have determine what the imbalance is.
It's National, and it's just National.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are tied by Stanford.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw. I really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centers.
What this thing is doing is to introduce the delivery values for example, for example, from pressure sensors and vision sensors and provides legitimate code, which still executed during the attack with false income data.
And believe or not, these fake entry data are made by Stanford.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds out of predictions predicted.
Is it great than that?
The idea here is obviously not just going to erase the operator in the fourth of control.
It's really more dangerous and agricultural.
The idea is to erase a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbines is spending speed, you have to open up scales of scale in a minute.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator, obviously.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are committed then they can happen bad things.
The plant can explore.
And not the operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is general.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with controllers, with uranium trade.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automatic factory.
It's general.
And you don't have -- you don't have a advance, which will discuss this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You could also use conventional technology technology to discuss it.
Give it the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you're going to end up with a massive destruction.
That's the consequence that we should face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We should face consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rachel, it's been done in many sides that people assume that the museum is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Rachel Landrido: Okay, really want to listen to this?
Yeah. OK.
My opinion is that the museum is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber surgery.
There's one alone, and that's the United States, fortunately, altered.
Because, otherwise our problems would be even greater.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Rach.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you smart skills, or another one that makes you use your wheelchair and go back to walk.
In Berkeley Big we call these robots, exercises.
They're not different from something you put in the morning, give you a great force -- that you also increase your speed, and you help it, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other extensions.
This is not an ironic idea.
So to show you now what we're working on we start talking about the American soldier that in average, it has to take on their backs a 45 pounds race, and it's expanding to get even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complexities -- injuries on the screen, in 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage damage.
We decided to take this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or the universal human Carson Congress.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can put 90 pounds for variables for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put them into care and execute movement with great flexibility.
I think what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Edinburgh Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial society, to produce this device -- this new exercise, this year.
So it's a reality.
We go back now to the users of wheelchair users, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 27 million people today, in wheelchair, around the world.
Sort of one percent of the population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage in the summer column that when you start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- compared to a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that goes down quickly.
Your only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or a complexity -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been so for the last 500 years, from its success, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you the TED who is using Amanda Bible who was 19 years ago in the spine column, and as a result, I couldn't walk for 19 years, until now.
Amazon Boston, thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our TEDTalks, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
You completely don't invest in the moons that send signals to the computer computer, here in the back.
There are also a few batteries that give you energy to motor engines, and in the knees, and you do it with this very natural and very natural analysis.
AK: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, hiding costs under the ground.
In a fraction of second, I lost everything sitting and everything moves out of the line down.
Shortly time later, a doctor came to my room in the hospital, and he said, "Look, I'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
And so I broke up to the last picture of hope of my being.
The adoption technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to wake up in scale, scan rocks and even ride in the hands of hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, until now.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platform to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amazon, and all the users of wheelchair towers, all to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where diversity is serious.
And no, it's not the February of Man Arabic or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild forests of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living lives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their order.
But unfortunately, we've done too much ice in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, standard guys -- the monetary society is in the verge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence hasn't seen yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes, please.
They live in the depths of the frozen jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox. A land of bionic and beauty, but also the heart of the line itself, stage of a violent conflict that has been transferred for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not to extract that this destruction also puts the survival of the button.
The hunting meat of hunting and deforestation makes you cannot be able to fill a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence, and you can hear the laughter hidden by measuring trees.
Who are these primary?
We know them as the apes of love, not war -- because they have free sex and friendship and psychology to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because Bonobos is more than Katrina Salaas.
The bonobos like humans, I love to play along all their life.
Natural is not just a child's game.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster the tolerance of it.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the red game you see the evolutionary roots of the laughter, the dance and the human risk.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos from the selective medium.
First of all, it's a beautiful basketball game, and I don't talk about football scanner.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a perspective.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, it has the closed of the balls."
Just that I think in this case he loves him, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as well as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows this video really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing together unusual elements to play as tests, and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time is the most fun.
But play is political.
The game is political, you can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more remote, images, curious, maybe the place where the staggering is.
And I want you to see, this is Francis, a young female, which is playing with cold water.
I believe that, as we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that literature criticism that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we face are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with more creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these skills.
In other words, play is our control of adaptation.
To adapt with success to a world that changes we need to play.
But let's take care of our game capacity.
The game is not free.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and human, life is not just cruel and delicious.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, it can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So we have primitive companies, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we reduce creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible to develop a nonprofit organization of luxury called Robert House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I ate income as a captain of captain in a volunteer body.
And in our city, where volunteers are training a highly qualified staff you have to get to the site of the iceberg.
I remember my first income.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career to foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was free in a conversation with the property that he didn't doubt one of the worst days of his life.
We were at the middle night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradigm, in pale, death, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was -- we call it Lesterland Luther.  I came to the captain and he asked him to go out and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so closed."
There was a lawyer or a management of money that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people who entered a building in calls to save a living being just because they earn me for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a control.
He said, "Generals, I need to go home.
I need to go up, take the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I hoped but I was like, I went out of the stairs, at the end of the hall, I went to the bridge bombs that that tall more or less had ended out to shut up the fire and entered the top very much in search of a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my car back through the staircase where I met my News and the dog in the main door.
We pulled out of the house the teachers for the house of house where, as it was to expect, his terrorist received much more attention than my self.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house of house that was coming through the wrong effort demonstrated to save his house.
The ambiguity that she looked for about the other thing was that someone had reached even a couple of shoes.
And so much in my van in Robin House as in my vote as a volunteer book, I'm afraid of acts of generosity and kindness in a moral scale, but also acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned.
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have done, or they are about to do, you know, you just want to remind you this: Don't expect.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give.
They feel food in a comet, they called a paradigm park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So you enter the game, you save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark Mars, Mary, back.
Mark Zennett: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1877 with a very simple idea: cement models of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build bigger things than us, like buildings or bridges -- one brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LED was given this.
It was called automatic amputation launch.
And in a few years, LEDs came to every home.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 pounds per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LED made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the control block in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to add up, the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic lights attached to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows us to create a lot more and more complex circuits -- one brick at a time.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are restricted to experts, so I decided to change them.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Library.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little lights are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're prepared to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about all of it is that they get into emergency.
So you can't put it wrong.
The lights have a color code.
The green is the root, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the stream.
So you just have to assemble a blue with one green and very quickly, you can start to do bigger circuits.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a region.
If we change the button for a pulse of dust, which is here, and now we have an inner light.
We added this picture to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game. Literatures are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and soldiers, literatures allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it spread faster or slower -- just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Librarians is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to relate to ready lights to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels -- motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given individuals to children to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electricity of every day that's not learning in schools.
For example, how a light of night works, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken the design schools.
So, for example, designers without experience in electronic start playing with Librarians like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and debit bottles -- we have George creating.
(Music metally."  A few weeks ago, we took the designers at the design school of Rhode Island design, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a command of control active by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a little bit of platform that has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, the libraries became another material, electricity became another material.
And we want this material to be at the end of all.
So Librarishmen's has open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them fail.
We want to add a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world that we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company would be involved with the environmental meaning in the environment.
collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can get a little bit to carry.
We can, we can get better from the video on a side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is.
Oh, are I going to take the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques so that you take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you're supposed to detect, we ask them to work in government.
The initiative is called "Congo for America and would be like a few oil bodies for telescopes.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the movements.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the world's global world.
They made great applications. They worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Alaska.
The city of the city of Boston.
So here it appears as if you look for a quote -- but what it really looks for is that someone calls it when it goes through the snow because it knows it's not very good at detecting fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it get to help us help this sort of significant way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of Mexico for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was born a lot last year.
They realized that the city never clean these holes.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else -- that citizens cleaned up the wings right in front of them.
So I did as any good programmer, developed an app.
It's an app line where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept to clean it when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it.
If you don't, somebody can steal you.
I mean, it has a legitimate company.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads in a virtual form.
A research of systems in the city of Hollywood to see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to add stress stars.
It's very important that they work these translators of tsunami, but people stole the battery.
So I asked citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens wake out the stores off.
And Chicago just launched it to make people repeat to clean sidewalks when snow notes.
So now we know from nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction and organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know that this is not normally happening.
The software acquisition is usually a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we've done for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not nothing.
There is now a project in the rural power of California, which has spent 200 million dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and distributed in viral form is a kind of warning ground to the institution of government.
It suggests the government better ways to work, not like private companies, as many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but more like the Internet itself.
I mean, no restrictions in form open and generous.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents how to address the question of government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an autonomous institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Common Foundation, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute with civic apps every day in their own communities.
They have not given for the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they will.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the filter at the DNA -- the Dimitri -- and all of those other things that put us crazy, the government is, in essence, in the words of Tim Rick, which we do together because we just can't do it."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I'll ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics don't change, the government is.
And given the government in the last economy of us, remember that of us, the power of thinking about how to produce the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government is to choose people so that they hate cars.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that government is about all, about strands.
This is the center of the telephone attention of services and information.
It's the place that we call the so-called 1976 in the United States.
Scott announced this call.
They entered "Black in the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the doors in the house, put music pretty strong and see if you go?
And it worked. So by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the grandmothers.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has a application, web and mobile phone, called "Clinics Congo."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people in the New York University of Boston.
One day, this happened really, it comes to this question: "Good in my garbage cube -- I don't know if he's dead.
How do I do to take it?
The Digital Congo dynamics is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In Congo Congo, everything is public, so everyone can see this.
In this case, I saw him a neighbors.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Bank? Yes. Voice ... Yes.
I turned the cube. I went home.
Good nights, "glass dance."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the contribution of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed volunteer collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology of platform technology.
I talk about a platform for people to adopt and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And I could have connected with the government services of being needed, but the neighbor is better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we have the communities.
If we call animals control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but I think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean, and politics is the surface of 15 meters.
Because it's what we call bloody.
And we say that word with a lot of waste.
But it is that spirit that keeps us that is that we finance as something that works in our contract, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sensory.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bubble sexy.
Because that's where the real government works.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Australian movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 350 pages in response to the Standard State of values, about the financial reform project.
That is not political activity, it's black activity.
And for those of us who have resisted the government, it's time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get where we have to go out without solving the institution that can act in behalf of them?
We can't predict government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to repair government function so that it can expand to the civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so difficult to act motion, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age average of our members is 28 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channels at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care a lot of your voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to work to program apps that make better to government.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned a horizon, taking mass backs, flying a garbage cube that has a sea inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those holes and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not just consumers, not only government consumers that pay taxes and get services.
We're more than that: we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizens.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a voice of voices, or will we be a hand of hand?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death coral.
I've spent most of my life in marketing communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here have impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
So here we've seen fantastic pressures.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach sense of feeling, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, which is if it's hot, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family, dominated by a map, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been scared.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia, about 1845.
She was born about 1875 and his experience with slavery.
She was hard, but it was also lovely.
When I was small and looked at it, she came to me and gave me a good deal.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I jumped up.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he said, "Would you still feel my open?
And if I said no, I was grabbed again and if I said yes, I was in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that it was 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went to the room and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and she smiles. But she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she woke up, she took up the room, she took me out of my hand and said, "You see Brian Bobby." We'll be consumed."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "British, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Man."
She said, "Now let me bet you won't do: I said, "Channel."
Then I sat down, I looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you.
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I want you to buy three things: Britain."
I said, "Yeah, Man."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
And he said, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise that always carefully."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is that you will always do the right thing if the right thing is hard."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is you will never drink algorithm."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a six beers of six, I don't know where I took them out, I got to my sister and I went to the forest.
We just came up with the local limbs.
He took a beer noise, offered to my sister, took a little bit and offered me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's good, you know, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today we do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too.
I said, "No, I won't feel good, you can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens you? Take a bit of a certainty."
He hit me with strength and he goes, "Oh, it's not going to be thinking about conversation with Man."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mary tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was drinking up.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be distributed.
But I have 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken an alcohol.
I don't say this is a variable. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others who really don't see any sense.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been present during the police.
My uncle died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to commit with.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than 40 years ago.
In 1977, there were 300 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities, or black communities, you find so much defense, so much despair.
One from every three black black and 30 years is in jail or in conscious freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all the young color youngsters are in prison or constant freedom.
Our system is not just distributed in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty -- that if you're poor and insecure.
It's not collective, but it richness what the results connect.
And it seems that we feel very straight to us.
The policy policy and the fruit makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're discovered.
It seems interesting to me.
We're looking at our work some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you get out of rights for always if you have a perfect conversation.
Right now in Alice, 75 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they were going to pass the law on the right to vote.
We have this awesome silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where you feel 13 years old to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for children, no possibility to go out.
We're in process of some literatures.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the edge of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, you've been tempted to think that the final question is, people deserve dying for the companies completely designed.
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding if people deserve to die for the crimes, but if we deserve to kill them.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
From every nine people executed -- it's been identified by one that is incomplete and liberated from the death of death.
An error rate -- amazing, an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed to fight planes if every night they would deal, you would be at school.
But we somehow get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this question of whether we deserve kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the revolution, and that led to World War II.
We really don't know a lot of this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being language.
I worried about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what it defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come to me and say, "Mr. Steven -- you say talk, you disappear dollars, Dan to the people who stop saying that in our history for the first time with terrorism, after 1975.
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism continued on, obviously, with selection and decades of racial substance and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've ever done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome rational selection without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this compromise, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conference about death penalty conservation.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good to hear what they say."
And all of a sudden, we don't have death weight in Germany.
We will never naturally have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that with our story, we can never get in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intuitive and deliberately, we would be able to execute people."
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, to execute people, especially if they were in their biggest Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this discovery.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we actually don't care about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, however, implemented.
We love innovation.
We care about technology. We admire creativity.
We love entertainment.
But ultimately, those realities are restricted by suffering, abuse.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
Last we talk about the need to have more hope, more compromise, more delicious with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the stories, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's within our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are. Despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from immediate ideas also for heart connections.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to love not only the brilliant and distributed, but also in the dark and difficult.
Valley Hawaii, the great German leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe, suffering the operation, we had all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, original for the spirit, a willingness for being in security sites and being teachers."
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED, has to behave.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be really human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exposure, inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege -- being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Park.
These women are just meeting to talk.
Occasionally, the letter letter called me, to say, "Britter, comes the Mrs. We're going to get up to talk.
Do you want to come and listen to me?
I would say, "I know ... I do."
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you come back?
I said, "Hey!
So I went and just listened to them.
It was very violent, very little little limited.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me and said, "Now Brian -- let me tell you that it's that idea of justice justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving me my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question insult.
We try to help the ones that have been constantly connected.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without free freedom for children.
We try to do something about death penalty thinking.
We try to reduce population in prisons.
We try to end up with the mass engineers."
I gave him all my best speech, and at the end of me, he looked at me and said, "Man Millennium Missi."
And I said, "Look at the fire, very slipping."
At that time, Mrs. Meat was included, put his finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very valuable."
I think the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find ways to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is superior to the worst we've ever done.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie. It's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if anybody takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not that it's a tapir.
Even if anybody kills another, it is not that it is an murder.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I actually think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very limited, very stimulate -- it's not going to judge us for our technology, for our designers, or for our intellectual or rational capacity.
In the end, the character of a society, not the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged people, but the way they treat poor people, the connections, the prey.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
In occasions, I feel desperately. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
It was continued, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my resources in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sitting with a lot of death.
I'm going to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years old, which have been saved to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn to someone in what isn't it?
The judge saved it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was awake thinking, "Oh God, if the judge can become something that you are, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Britain, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask something about that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a model.
I had a 14 year-old customer, a little poor, black, black.
I started working on the machine, with a legacy that said, "Mom so that my 14-year-old black person is treated as a 75-year-old privileged white one collaboration."
In the machine I realized that there had been an independent behavior in accessible, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was an obvious line about how in this country there is no ethical line, but a whole lack of ethics in this country.
At the next morning, I woke up thinking that inspired environment would be a dream.
For my brother, not only had it reduced, but he had sent it to the court.
It was about two months, I had already forgotten it.
And finally I decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the cover for this stupid case.
I jumped into the car, and I really felt attractive, abstract.
I was in the car to the game.
I thought this would be very difficult and permission.
I finally pulled out of the car. I walked into the game.
I was holding the stairs when I met a bigger black man, it was the beginning of the game.
When I saw me, she came to me and said, "Who's you?"
I said, "I'm a pressure: "I said, "Is you literally? I said yes.
And then I get stuck and hug me.
And I would whisper in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was violent.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the capacity that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I entered the audience room.
By the time, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this monkey athlete?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me." And we started to discuss it.
People started coming in. They were all invited.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
They came up with the police collaborations -- the alternative families, the autonomous.
All of a sudden, without knowing how, the room was full of people. They all failed because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty.
With the edge of the eye I went back to see the conversation that I was going to see and come.
I looked out of the window, and he went down to hear all that record.
It kept walking up here and there.
Finally, this old black, with a conference face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the drawing one of the designers of the guy showed up because the skull had entered the room.
The association is adding on the old black.
And he said, "George, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black was put out of feet, looked at the attack, looked at me and said, "I go to this room room to tell this young man who keeps his view on the goal with shoes."
I've come to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we cannot really be humans evolved if we don't care about human rights and by dignity.
That our survival.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity should lead to the frontiers, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the pressures that share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view on the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BL: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a record this spring in which you will do an effort to restore the funds that are spent today in police policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the death penalty in the next five years, billion dollars.
And despite this, 74 percent of the cases of females don't consume in arts.
75 percent of the rape is not coming to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This revolution is going to prevent these funds to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge detail in criminal in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to whom you think is this?
BC: Actually, the rate of violence with violence has relatively remained stable.
The big growth in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in the dark population.
And we let us convince the correlation of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to personal chain, to steal a bicycle, for small crimes against property rather than making those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing about anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've been excited about this right here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats for the death of bin Laden death.
Collaborator 2: Hamburg in Somalia, Librarian 3: The police raised gas gas.
Library 4: Carton deliberates, Librarian 5: Dearth crisis.
Voice 2: Social decisions, Liberia 12,000 dead.
Library 8, all of the tsunami, Liberia 9: Congress.
A number of locally, war to the narrative. mass destruction, the Turkey.
Remember, Barbie, Janeiro final, Egypt, Syria, Syria.
Crisis, death, Delhi.
Oh, my God.
Peter Digosbios: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, which could be used to be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us more than survive, the first step of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called algorithm.
The amygdala is our early warning detector -- the danger detector.
Organized and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could be done harm.
So about a dozen stories we would prefer to look at neurogenesis.
That old record of the press, "If there's blood, visiting, it's very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news for the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not to extract that we are permits.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world is wrong in worse.
But maybe not like this.
Maybe, instead of what really happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problem: climate change, the extinction of species and water and energy, no doubt we have.
As human beings are very good at embracing problems, and at the long end of them.
Let's look at the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, life average is more than doubled -- the average average income per capita oil has been transferred around the world.
The child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communication, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Peter showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy spent from 25 to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to get higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we reduce the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, batteries, reductions, metaphors, media, air conditioning and cars.
The bank magicians of the past century, the planets of the planet, would never have dreamed with all of them.
To support a lot of this is technology and, ultimately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray King showed that any tool that relies in information technology based on this curve, Moore's Law and doubling the performance of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supermarket of the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the subtle thing that is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in record, in depression and in air.
It's the very quick computer resistance used to build faster.
It doesn't stop any of the great challenges.
And even though it's recorded in a law on the left, it curve goes down.
The growth rate of technology is getting faster.
And in this curve, the Moore's Law Laws, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends of Alexander call infinite computing and sensors and networks, radio, 3D printing and their ability to democratize personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, the nations and the A.I.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Royal from Wars from White?
It was piece.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I had.
And I loved this: Watson comes to human opportunities."
Jewish is not a easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Sylvia University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company, or a product or service that can potentially affect the lives of billions of people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absolutely absolutely absolutely.
Today we can take a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create luxury life for every room on the planet, it's about creating a life of power.
It's about taking that that is scarce, and it will turn it forward.
You see, the scale is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National Internet in the middle of 1950.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Simon.
The troops of National ate with plates of plate and the same National, with gold covered carbons.
But the king of Simon, I started with aluminum covered carbons.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal of the planet, more than gold and planning.
So the reason for the monument to Washington is a collaboration.
You see, even though aluminum is 80 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metaphor.
It's limited by oxygen and synesthesia.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was desperate.
We put this analogy into the future.
Let's think of energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet ball for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth 16 minutes of energy every 80 minutes.
It's not about scale, but it is accidental.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the general generation of the gentleman: 75 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy is 50 last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents per hour compared to 15 cents.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water.
Let's talk about the wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed up the Voyager Space spacecraft, in 1990, after San San country?
I took a famous picture. How is it called?
"A little blue point."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight by the 500 percent of the water water, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the neuroscience, the neuroscientists.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovative innovators -- I'd like to share with you, I was allowed to do it, his technology called Solonbane -- you know, is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water at the day of any water water source, water water, a pencil, for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that goes right, and I have a confidence that it will be, Coke will implement it in the world in 600 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation available by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
God me, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration in the developing world in the late 2013.
Think about it, that massive war has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya, than President Red 25 years ago.
And, of course, with an intelligent cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information abundance and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars of NGOs, video HIV, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology -- now they disperse and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing is when you raise health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Foundation, and something called the X Prison Common Programmer, 10 million dollars.
We're advising the teams of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device that they speak with, and because it has A.I. -- they can take blood blood out of fear.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where the death charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent worker.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize, call the health of health and, first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are population.
We just went out of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll spend from two billion to five billion internet users.
Three billion minds never before ears that join global conversation.
What would these people?
What are you going to do? What do you want to be?
And instead of an economic collapse, we'll have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars embedded in the global economy.
And you'll get more health thanks to the Trade, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computer in cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, educated health and productive health and productive health and productive health and productive health?
What about a few voices never before you?
What if we give the operations, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What are these three million billion?
And if you are contributions that we can't predict it?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things, things that could only make big corporations and government.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some already know.
It's called Ford Ford fire.
I was at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino and find the way that protein will be applied.
The permits determine structure and function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supernova problem.
They've played with this college professor, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started playing it.
And it's shown that the recognition of recognition of human patterns is better protecting protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to assume the great challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have for a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The correct of the party point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I will give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin -- one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, 1975.
Maybe they thought it was painted, but it wasn't like that.
It actually collects fish.
And I described one of them as a very common.
It was the sea.
It was a long time to the 1970s.
Now fish is at the Red Red list.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is that we still came to the Galapagos.
We still think they're presidential.
The stores still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept.
Because I was there in 1973, studying a drop in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could introduce you.
I loved a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The line was surrounded by parallels, and as you can see, from a few monkeys.
There were about 20 cents, the black bar.
And the fish of this thylacine was very abundant and passed for a good time, so it was made more than the media in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the amount of fish had dropped half a half.
They killed the five cents.
They experienced a genetic presentation.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And fish still were happy to be there.
It is, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the death fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1970s, and Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development led to the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, is called the Moore's Moore.
I was going to paint in it, and we did studies in the South Side Sea of the Medical China and especially at the Beaufort Sea.
What we captured was something innovative.
Calculater, now I know, the sea bottom.
90 percent of what we capture were spiritualized, other animals that are in the bottom.
And most fish are tiny marriages on a few reasons, which are recent of coral reefs.
In short, the sea bottom came to the cave and then it was arrested.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid flow of blood coral, in this case, to be a logo.
This is a dead train.
They didn't eat them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not heartbreaking.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what the fishermen pick every time they go to a zone where they never fish.
But it's not discovered.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of participatory, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we make this happen, something like this.
In the axis -- and we have good things: biodiversity -- black amounts of goals, the version of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of their life as normal and standard it forward.
The difference is that they perceive the loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the supply of change.
And at the end of the end, I will keep a few reasons.
And that, in great measure, is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when depression societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before you get extinct -- is little fantastic.
You don't lose anti-power animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a sense of great fish.
They become little fast because we feed them.
Over time they have a few fish, but we think that's the point of participatory.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect them to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you think, like you catch so many fish in this area can't be used or, therefore you don't use the science scientists because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in institutional societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can take a protected marine zone.
Because with protected marine areas, we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the point of party has broken up and is completely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine zone, and they can benefit from the vision that they provide -- which allows them to erase their own point.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access -- like the Middle East, for example?
I think that the arts and the cinema may be able to fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Bank Bank.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Bank Bay 500 years ago.
And you've noticed that mathematics and the training are like "Arabia."
And if you think about "Protection, if you think about why people combine with the film, I will talk about the story of patients, why are you going to move with the images?
Because it evolved something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my reward, the only one I'll give you, is Cambridge, doing "Freedom India, under water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alaska, the Hero trends gene, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we will see why videos are made and how important it has that.
We all want to be stars, celebrities, cancer, companies. When I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions.
Anybody can do famous on the Internet in a sound.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage is make a little bit of violence, and it gets video infinite and winning culture.
So how does that happen?
Three things: trend creators and surprise communities and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Bernellone Vento: Oh my God, my God.
God me."
Wow.
Boston, white."
KA: Last year, Ben Venter published this video film outside his house in the National National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the police floor of the past summer.
Beethoven couldn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double ship short.
That's what you do if you call Mexico Mountain Berony.
I had already published a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Michael.
Jimmy Kimba published this tower that makes the video to the police.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Minister present us new and interesting things and give them to a broader audience.
Rend Black."  It's viruses. You have to start the Friday --   Everyone wants you to get the weekend.
"Computer Beller "Comes is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This chart shows the frequency of use.
Like "Britain sorts of "Dead," this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was virtually, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peak, they're also virtually.
But what happened this day, this particular virus?
Well, the Table took it, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael Jefferson, New Millennium, from Mexico State Talk, was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends adopt a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great little girl then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parallel parallels in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a laptop for each other days.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon or doing something new with that.
"The Canada Catholic is an anti-collection animation with a proper music.
This is it.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours version that you've seen four million times.
Until cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet telephone community.
There were remote.
Somebody made a version to the old one.
And then it was internationally.
Suddenly, I came up with a whole memory community that made this happen from being a girl to something that we can all form on.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we stop.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "British Diets or Red Black or "The Canada?
What would you have written to write this situation?
In a world where two days of video are used for minute, just that only unique and unexpected can get rid of the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the miles in New York City, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Child: I was guided by the biological by the biology, but often there are obstacles that are involved by the biology.
KA: Thank you for sustainable effect and his humor, Casey Zill made five million people see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bernel Vento: What does this mean?
One.
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators -- creative communities of participation -- totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media -- a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines the police.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Billy, started in YouTube.
They were not allowed to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little dream of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of old media -- they're barely the current media -- but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still being beaten.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet -- a drug, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique waiting unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities go into San, addressing the fact that their life had been totally in vaccine.
The words, for so long friends, now they will.
It was recorded in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in flight, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to accept us, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you hear sitting quietly towards the sea.
My mother, Man, had just 18 years old when his father died and a marriage controlled and two small girls.
For her, life had been dedicated to one task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was interesting for her I couldn't do it.
And after a four year-old sand that defies the fiction, a boat goes into the sea desperately delivering sea.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the paradises, the rape and the death.
As most adults, my mother took a jar with poison.
If you get married, first we would take my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the prototype by diving on every wave, and the horizon.
I didn't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were locked up with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't break for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died and died the journey was too too for him, and the first apple I had, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
Three months in a refugee camp, we developed in Mexico.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set up in February, a class sandwich worker whose population is composed of immigrants of images.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in Facebook, I had no sense of the right.
The odor that came from the shops was the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English English were engaged between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in grandmothers, then on a car mountain line, working six days, double tuna.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a title at TED of information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were attached, and I established an extra moon in English and math, not matter what you should take, which is usually new clothes, always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tons, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singing on the eyes that are self-seeking and some gravity, "Americans, go home.
Home, where?
Something in me was entered.
I was acting determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support it."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was wrong every night, but we hired ourselves about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered penguins, all of the boat.
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmare started to be able to read it.
She opened a computer store, then I studied to be strategy and open another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and intellectual girls were trapped between two worlds.
They looked like substances and paradigms.
And they were created.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic astronomical student, involved with what it was about myself.
In the other one, I was buried in premature lives, primarily replaced by violence, the abuse of drugs and isolation and isolation.
But many people received help over the years.
And for that work, when I study my last year of lawyer, I was picked up with the young year of the year.
And I was catching a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So I was so Man, an anonymous resident of February, was now so like, Richard and social activity, invited to speak in sites that I'd never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never imagine.
I didn't know the prototypes.
I didn't know how to use cancers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the routine and the beginning of life in an innocent suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting over the day of each and eating disasters, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we went down to the ship.
The note had never been an option.
"Do "see: "And you don't know what you are."
So I talked about youth and education and defense to the markets and the desperates.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more it was adaptive to talk.
I met people from all the roads of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the frontier of the possible.
And even though I finished my literature, I realized that I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a receiver coming in, new on the scene -- and not only it's fine, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a battery region.
Because it can easily mean collectively collectively, it can easily mean accepting the pressures of your perception.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world delivered it, but not the way we fear.
Potentially they hadn't been allowed to be allowed to be attentional.
There was an energy there, an incomplete optimism -- a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I kept my intuition.
I joined a little group of people who the slogan cannot be done was an irrational challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we open up step.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a single trip.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved me, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Congress was the social norm and the local Mars was the person who mattered it.
Life had not changed by centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother created it alone.
At 17 days it became a control of a Darwin whose mother was born.
No support of his husband, they caused a revolution to death and take the cause, and a lot more reveals when they win.
It can't be done by being erasive.
I was in the shower at the top of a hotel in Sydney when she died -- about 1,000 miles, in Mexico.
I looked through the morning of the shower and saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I'd come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Facebook and sat around her attack.
We told him stories and we assumed that we were still with her.
At night a monkey came and told us that he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
And I asked the mouse, "Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold.
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"Don't select it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that path through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who have come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily found.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could do that for it?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy thing, the right.
Can I give you a proposal in your lives, selling value in every wave, the relatively reliable impact of the engine, the vast red that doesn't guarantee anything not?
I don't know.
But if I could give you and see them to sale, I would do it.
Trade Newton and also the mother of so is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Random about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the Spanish sky, with the fourth Milky Alexander.
We were relying on how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian epidemic.
In those days when Indians wanted to travel down to a car, and we took the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
And at that time, when I was Arabic, the great Indian warrior prison, he had silk, he took a bow and with a flower to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with the targets and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machine had replaced magic.
And that struck me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more teacher.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tolerate my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic.
As a child, my grandfather reminds me his ball plate plate plate.
And this 50 year-old technology was for my most magical thing.
It became a door led to a world full of images, of pictures and narratives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones and luxury relations and cameras involve that we are.
They would be our inspiration.
So I took up, I went to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
Imagine books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPod I saw a narrative device capable of connecting the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we?
Take the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The storytelling becomes increasingly multinational.
But what is that?
I'm about to launch Kosovo, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light."
And so   says, "This box belongs to me." I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
In several times I get a letter -- the iPod knows where thanks to GPS -- that comes down to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drugs but to that childhood, to those ideas that we open out of children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar always became awarded to me.
So, over here, we have to increase the iPod to release the fireflies of fireflies here.
And, actually, they lighting your way into what it comes from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me from girls was that a whole galaxy is in a bottle.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball that I arrow towards this magic device inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every block book, there has always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows and filled and guide for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the applications.
We've all heard of the inhabitants and the neighbors, but how many people outside India know their Indian passwords, the superstars?
These poor airports have been trapped in the cameras of Iraq for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And by talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their P.C. -- they haven't come to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go into the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: paper, legs, governments and continents.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out, and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then store it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then pick it out.
In this way, a digital collection of photos can be put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a short shoulder and says, "Oh, I saw a robot."
An Indian kid says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken away.
In the various of connections between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we can have an interaction where you go out with the iPod and the video included and you actually see a group of anonymous deaths that appear on the interior plants of the house.
The screen is full of leaves in a moment.
And you have to do the sound sound and take it up to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology is approaching each other.
We harness the energy energy.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and child that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to tell you about why a lot of education projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University University was to defeat a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she reached a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients, family and known known: What happens?
"How can we help it?"
And we tend to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects, because we stop listening.
This is my William microbial. It's very simple.
It has a little bit of link and stopped.
All morning, I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 pounds.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So, he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when you need ultraviolet assistance or some urgency of that style, but see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers, on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect my chimpanzee to Wikipedia and before I went to my car, people start to talk to me, Lily, today I think you need a liquid lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together to develop some recent activity to have more control of their health.
From the week next week will be available.
This little battery connects an iPhone.
And people can, from their homes, take their artificial pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients make a position, they become recording control and to be heart of their own boat, but it can also help us care of health because of the challenges that we face, like the couple of the cost of medicine, the dopamine of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to involve patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by criminal.
And one of the things we did would share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know perfectly.
It's also where all the garbage is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains of course.
But where is the collection closest to help this patient.
We said, but no one knew it.
Nobody knows where to get DNA saving lives right now.
What we did was we did criminal in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to say, you see a DNA, please send them up, and when it's open, because sometimes they open into office hours and others are closed.
And more than 10,000 DNA were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for London, really increased, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Marine and someone collapse, you can use your iPhone, and the next few weeks to use your Microsoft cell to find the most close DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to introduce this, not just like DNA 401, which is the name of the product, but also like AIDS.
And we would want to start in the world level.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, so that they help us find and work and act as a center for the DNA of the DNA around the world.
Every time you're from vacation and somebody color, it can be a part or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be service services or phone people, for example, to see if the CDC that shows is still in its place.
Please help me and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're pictures that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
It was mixed with my passion before the drawing -- but it was a little bit different because using the camera was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ended up when you present the plane.
For me, photography had more to do with being at the right place, at the right time.
I felt that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the plane.
Pictures like this: a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of resources.
Or pictures like these, dark and colorful, but with the common goal of keeping the level of resources.
And when I say reminder I say photographs.
Because, of course, it's not something I can be able to, but I always want you to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Pictures where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them feel real?
Are the details, or the colors?
Is light interview?
What do you create illustration?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly invasive objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in certain ways you can create something that still seems trivial, like it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we get to the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It's really going to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic I think are those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to think about it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the common photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images came up with these requirements -- they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of different images with a perfect whole.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think that this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by pictures of different places.
In the staff I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put your ideas into your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought about this idea in winter, I knew I had several months to plant it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, fish was captured in a fishing trip.
The costs are from a different location.
The submarine part was captured in a stone period.
And yes, I even did red the house of the top of the island so that it seems more solid.
So to make a realistic outcome. I think it takes planning.
It always starts with a book, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
If you can put it.
It's a diagram that took out of a deck of mine.
I don't care so much to show you the details but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microbes to see the potential of local areas of area.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as many others that we tend to see, is a kind of straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a order order in the scale scale.
Speaking with sexual curves is a novel thing.
So here's something weird here.
And what I'm probably going to talk about.
Please raise the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we grow technological curves in local scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to graduate, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I graph, for example, some other technology, like transport, in a sensory curve would be very silly, we would see a straight line.
But if you happen something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will add as fast as the microbes of magnitude, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo.
But it doesn't rise to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development story that every few years add orders of magnitude.
The question that I want to do is to look at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve. I know like this until I put something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So now we would be in the middle of a transition now.
On this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new shape.
So what I try to ask, and ask yourself, is, what is that new way that adopted the world?
How new is the world going on?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember that the future happened in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been written, year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different to extrapolate what we're doing today.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition that we experience.
But to do that to have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The scale of time I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great star rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If you look at the way that chemicals are organized we give you an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, at that time, there was a few oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in their inside.
Some of those oil blobs contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate the material materials and so on.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil cards.
But those gardens were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contains a random record of chemicals.
And every time they divide a distributed distribution of chemicals that they continue.
That's why every mayor was a little different.
In fact, the genes that are in some ways are going to be better at the time of increasing the clinical chemicals -- they grow more, they would increase more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually live more time, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these goals learned the trick.
Somehow, we don't understand these shoes so well learned to store information.
They learned to love information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they fought in this evolution without sense, a writing system that allowed them to remember what they were to be able to replicate them.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 250 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things that I did just for fun. Now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 milligrams of white dust that tries to hide people in security people.
But it has -- I took this code. The code has the common letters that we used to use on this, and I wrote my personal data in this DNA origami, and it expanded it 10 at 22 times.
So if anybody wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a clothes that would have put it into a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy, another billion years.
But then another big interesting step in which things were very different and was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming these cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
That way, for example, evolution resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and put them together to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are a lot of resistance to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that they were formed in a way, and they were together in that, and they set up a synapse.
In that way they survive or failed together, or that if a community was very successful all individuals in that community were more and more failed by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities were so close to that in fact, and they decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have molecular communities, communities of many different cells working together as one organism.
In fact, we are a multitasking community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The cell cell doesn't sound without the heart, or the muscles or the brain, and so on.
So, these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to address information.
And to build very special structures that didn't make more than process in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that produce the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transforming information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not at the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn how to eat a little bit of fruit, because I knew bad and drawn the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that phrase.
That's why the fact that the nervous system built those information structures completely accelerating evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen with an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the triumph of communication.
So for example, the most refined version that we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a very complicated idea.
I'm sitting here by emitting a bunch of graphs and hopefully building a similar idea, variable and conflict, in your heads that I kept a certain analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated, we converted it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do antibiotics.
We're now going to go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we extend our metal methods and pressure and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computer -- the video tape, the CDC, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in milliseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of the ones that I produced some evolution with the program consumer, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electricity, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is recorded, I guess, is the right word to name something that accelerated its own pace of change.
The more changed, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this computer explosion.
We see the process represented.
But I make my life design computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I hope to design them would not be possible without the recent IT adverse.
But now design objects that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every device in that media machine.
There are billions of million.
Instead, with the designers of Toronto Machines, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine that does something that before you could not be able to get much more and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes we spend methods that we don't even understand well.
An interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates in the scale of the milliseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an alternative sequence of instructions.
We said, "Please computer -- can you run hundreds of millions of sequences of instructions of instructions?
Could you execute these sequences of instructions by random, to execute all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to add numbers, to put a simple example.
So, we find the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that a few random sequences of instructions, transforming numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could put two numbers on the right order.
And I said, "Common, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task?
We want those and eliminate the rest of them.
And now we reproduce the ones that improve the numbers.
And we went back to repair them by following a process of analyzing analogy to sex.
We take two programs that are growing children, who are interacting subsidies, and that children will inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs product of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process.
California again.
It indicates some mutations.
It tries again and represented with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that orbit numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs.
But they follow the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they make the goal because they come from a hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I once went in a 747 with Martin Michael and she took a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles that work together to offer a safe flight, don't make you feel translation?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much faster.
I mean, it's represented.
The thing goes faster and faster and I think it seems so controlled.
Because all these technologies are removed.
We're deliberately.
And we are at an analog moment to the ultraviolet organisms when they become multinational organizations.
We are the amino and we can't understand what hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we're the final product of evolution.
And I believe that all of us are part of the creation of what it is coming.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before I get excited.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that is me.
And I've chosen enough time to allow me to get part of my false prison in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
He's going to get recording "Reach the rules, talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I will focus on one of them and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talked about 300,000 of a battery that batters 300.
That means that the bank battery effectively, three of 10 times.
That means to launch the ball to the game field without being attracted, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base is not at time, and the second base will be saved.
Three interests of 10.
Do you know how they call a 300, in the Great Liberia?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 4004?
By the way, that's somebody that 10 balls, it will be four.
Lego, like the legendary Telescope Williams, the last player of the Great League of Bible to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have warnings and they are dedicated to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent record.
That's not working, right?
Now suppose you live in a remote place and a woman who has two controlled core arteries and your family doctor defined it to a cardiologist whose record in oxygen is 200 dollars.
But you know something?
She's going to be improving this year.
And their actors have been 246.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you believe that should be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon or a nurse or a centimeter or a centimeter?
1900, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the act of a good surgeon of a doctor or a cannongular drug.
What we do, however, is send them to the world, and it includes me, with the habit of being perfect.
That you never have a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I attended when I was in medical school.
I was a complex computer student.
Once, a fellow in the high school said that Brian Gulfs studied until a blood test.
So ...
I studied in my little disaster, in the restoration of the General General Hermands of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned everything from memory.
Out of my kind of anatomy -- memory and muscle work, the branching of every artist that comes out of the top, the digital digital and the don't.
And I even knew the digital diagnosis about how to classify the round underground tissue.
And while so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good, I graduated with honor.
And you get out of medicine school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to all of it, because I would get away from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Dr.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought to the lady Derek to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the manufacturing service.
And when emerging emerging controlled to a cardiologist I was forced to support that patient.
It's going to inform the chief chief restaurant.
When I saw Dr. Dr. I was starting.
I heard a sustainable sound.
And when I quantify it, I heard a solid sound in both sides, which inspired me a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumped the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I kept working on the treatment I would give you.
He gave him association and medicine to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave them diagnosed, water planes, so that I could eliminate liquid up.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there was when I started the first mistake, I sent her home.
I actually started two more mistakes.
He sent it to her house without talking to the chief chief of resistance.
I didn't raise the phone or I did what I should have done, that I was to call my boss and match it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to raise complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and capable of associating responsibility, that I could get care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I started was worse.
By sending her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Good, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to go to the Drug Sea, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought, and then he said, "Yes, I think I'm fine."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he went up the height, and the ambulance next with the companies took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I went with my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walk into the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service to home.
And there another nurse, not the one who came from the Dream Derek, but another one, I was told three words, those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists are also as well, but there is a particular particle and is that we see patients fast.
The three words are: Is you?
Can you remember the patient who sent your house?
I asked the other nurse with nature.
"Because she goes, with the same voice of voice.
She was fine.
But they went back and on the edge of death.
At the end of an hour to have reached her house, after I gave him the height, he suffered a color and his family called 997,000 people, the cartoons brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 miles of Dead, which means a severe shock.
He barely rescued and was blue.
The emergency staff lit all its resources.
They gave him medication to overcome artificial pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was quiet and held up to the cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because after the stratosphere, I was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days it was evidence that I would never wake up.
He had an irrational brain damage.
The family was gathered out.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was going on.
And to the ninth day, they let it go. The Dr. waste, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was fascinated by it, and I experienced for the first time the butterfly service that exists in our medical culture, and I sat alone, analyzed, without feeling that healthy shame, because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You do the fish, and you never eat that error.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The malaria shame that I talk about is that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I forgot things and make sure that they wouldn't stop.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss to my boss -- why did I send her to her house?
And in my worst moments, why did I get such a stranger mistake?
Why do I choose medicine.
A little bit of that feeling was despite.
And I started feeling better.
And in a Norwegian day, he opened the sky, and eventually came out the sun, and I wondered if I feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I redesign the efforts to be perfect to not commit more errors to make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it went back to happen.
Two years later, I was sitting in the emergency department in a North hospital at the north of Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the galaxy.
I was very busy and applied.
And he was sitting here.
I looked at his throat. It was a little bit color.
He wrote her permits and sent him to her house.
But as he went to the door he kept holding her throat off.
Two days later, when I came to make my change change, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I proposed the three words: Is you?
I remember the patient I saw for a pain in the garden?
So he came back and didn't have a static fire.
He had a potentially deadly effect called editorialism.
You can look at Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but in the upper air, and that can cause the full of those tracks.
He fortunately, it didn't fail.
You add antibiotics for you to be income and recovered.
And the same period of shame and records, then I went back and went back to work, until it happened again and again and again.
Two times in the same ground of urgency.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a reasonable calculation.
They ordered a X-ray X-ray -- but it turned out normal. A colleague that was recruiting the patient perceived certain sensitivity in the right lower room and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
They add liquid to replicate, and I asked my colleague to repeat it.
They reviewed it and when I noticed some sensitivity in the right lower root, called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and recovered well.
But every case I was angry, I was disappointed.
But I'd like to tell you that I started the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a word.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just analyzing and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my errors -- if I can't find the vegetation that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach you this so that you don't eat the same errors for you?
If I would go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course in a party you'll hear about the errors of other doctors, but not listen to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a device in my hospital made the wrong leg, believe that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total negotiation of mistakes.
It's the system that there are two positions -- the ones who are eating errors and the ones who don't sleep and the ones that have a lot of results and the ones that have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move out of medicine to people who eat errors -- will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about distribution and medical journalism -- I've done a personal study of bad medical prison and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the South Street to my program, "When my program Cold, Black Arabic, Black Arthur, black art.
And what I learned is that errors are incomplete.
We work in a system where errors spend every day, where one in 10 prescription drugs in hospital are wrong, or disaster is not right. In a system where literacy infection are increasingly and more numerous by providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian cancers for surprised medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about cheap supermarkets, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And so these are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is doubling every two or three years, and we don't care.
dream.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, we take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes limits with yellow eyes and with attack to alcohol and, suddenly my story was expected.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things always like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't react their symptoms always the same way.
For all this, errors are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to mistake, well, not to be anyone.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their biggest cases.
In my program, "Donate Black, black art, is a trade to say, "This is my worst mistake student: I would tell everybody, from the cartoons to the heart of heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake bar, blah blah blah blah blah -- "What are your errors and drawing the microphone into them.
And their students would stop, they returned, they would raise the head and they would start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, don't eat the same mistake.
They need a context where to do it.
They need a reduced medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The religious physician is human, you know human, you accept it, and you're not proud of your mistakes, but you're effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
share your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the errors of other people not with the intention of adding them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings give up the system, and when this happens, they eat errors of time in it.
My name is Brian Golden.
I'm a reduction doctor.
I'm a human, eating mistakes.
And I feel it a lot, but I'm wrong to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we took one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I did a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to pick up a average American. It's about 70 to day.
It doesn't make a lot of research, in a research followed for a week to a group of business prisoners.
Researchers recorded the different tasks driven by these executives and time that they were trying to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many minutes.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many belong to nine minutes, and how many to the house?
How does the way to make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems in the world: choose to the supply of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give you a laptop.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the option of choices?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student from the University of Stanford, I was looking at this very, very high level of level -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It's called Delhide.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and violent, more than 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 percent water. And this was when we took water water.
I loved to go to that store, but in an occasion, I asked myself, why don't you buy nothing?
This is the subject of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including the ones that were in solid box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy of offering all these choices?
He pointed out the strands full of translators that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the beautiful. This is the one.
Stop.
They had 3D different classes.
We installed a set to deal, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out of six slides, or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First, where were people willing to stop the beautiful?
More people were stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a task of measure.
So here we find the opposite effect.
When there were 24, only three percent came to buy measure.
And when there were six, we saw that 30 percent began to die.
If we did the calculations, people were six times more likely to buy if they were six, that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't have to be able to deal with us probably convinced us probably -- at least it's good to consider the line, but it turns out that the problem of the choices of choices affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided to not decide, even though it doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guardian Hardon, and I would have James Kanuba and Wael Jane, where we look at decisions about savings for about a million Americans, between about 65 planets of this country.
We were interested to see if the number of funds of funds available in plants of savings for retirement, the 401 program, disappeared to people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 650 planets that were from two to 50 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of financial funds, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the planets that offer two funds -- the rate of participation was 70 or more, not as high as they wanted.
And in the plans that were offered about 60 funds, the rate rate discovered to the 60 century.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the more people were the number of options, the more people were encouraged to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
In the way that there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial accounts of markets.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will remember to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most profound thing is that they make the decision, that they apply it even when this goes against the self-interest of the other.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in finance, in finance, in the health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they are obviously getting better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that giant variety of magnitude, measure, violent and measuring, but we are not able to do the calculations to share, to hire and choose from that awesome existence.
Today I want to introduce you four simple techniques that we've been inside, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can teach their business.
The first one, Corporation.
They've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Completely cook."
They care about losing space in the ad.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut, you will get rid of strange red options, there will be an increase in the windows -- you will raise the costs, there'll be a better experience in choice.
When Professor & Gamble went from 26 different types of Header, and Studio to 15, they saw an increase of 10 percent in sales.
When the coral Carter Cartel chooses the products for layers of cats that less are sold -- they increase the usage in 75 percent, the two cars and fewer costs.
You know that today's supermarkets. In average offer 45,000 products.
In a Washington store. About 100,000 products.
But the largest trend in the current world is Alexander and offers only 160 products, a kind of tomato tomato sand.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to manage the choices is the paradigm of David Law, the Harvard program.
All of Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a safe insurance background.
Who they really want to choose, they offer 20 cents, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to collaborate.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is ask employees to ask the differences that there are between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do your customers."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that it would be willing to offer people from this audience a few variations with everything to the world's largest road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a bet if you're ready to take Garden open.
(Audience shows." Okay.
Are they not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it actually fits more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first meeting, than in the second one, but I can admit and say that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice, which is Congo.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that consequences should be very careful, very controlled.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when you use debit cards or credit cards than when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shelley Berkeley and Andrew President, especially about GDP of the world who worked at ICAM, these people were in a meeting where they were being addressed to a 404 plan.
To that meeting, that we consider exactly how we used it, we did a little statement.
What we admit was that we applied to the staff that they thought about the positive things that happen in their lives if they save more money.
So with this mission there was an increase in the 20th percent advances and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings of savings in four.
The third technique is Charlie.
We can handle more categories than options.
So for example, this is a study that we did in a pool of receiving.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets throughout the edge of the neighborhood, the recovery exhibition can contain from 330 different guys until 646.
But you know?
Because chemotherapy tells me how to discuss them.
These are two jewelry.
One is called Japan and the other, "Solarition."
If you think the one on the left is Shanghai, and the one on the right is Japan, you give a paleontology.
(Audience shows." Well, there's some one.
If you think the one on the left is Japan, and the one on the right is Shanghai, you give a paleon.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The on the left is Japan, and the one on the right is Saturday. But you know something?
This scheme of pollution is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to them, not what defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge little lists.
Who are instinctively who?
My fourth category, to conquer complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase free complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision, the buy of a car.
This is a German factory manufacturer that allows you to persuade it.
You have to take 60 decisions to make the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options.
colors, outside of the car. I have 75 possibilities.
Mom, box of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions are coming in.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options, 58 colors, to a few days, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few options, four boxes, to 55 colors, a lot of options.
And what am I going to look?
How much involved you are.
If you can always add the button on every decision, this indicates that you're bored, or you are, we are losing them.
We found that the ones that are going from many choices to a few of them, operates the button for sports over and over again.
We lose them.
If you go from little choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order that information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to pick up.
But if you choose the box of change that doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum out.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of options of choice, Colorado, eliminating strange alternatives -- Congo, do it real -- containers, we can handle more categories with less choices with less options.
All of these techniques that I've presented were designed to help manage alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve them.
It's that I think the key to getting the best thing about a choice is being careful by collecting up.
And the more careful we are in our best, the better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '70s, in the British East Germany, if you had a typewriter of writing, I should remember the government.
There was to be an example of examples written with the machine.
And this for government could transform the origin of text.
If you found a desk with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't know that someone could do this, the way that it would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser laser printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a printed yellow set of yellow dots in every page that makes them about one and their printer.
That is happening to us today.
And nobody seems to get a lot like this.
This is an example of how our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems in the network.
If we see what happens in the online world, we can organize attacks on their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the civilizations.
Like Mr. Digital Gulf from the city of King, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, and so on.
There are really many cases of millions on line, multinational, who earn money with their attacks.
This is Virginia Tasmanians, from Twitter, Star.
This is Alfred Ben here.
This is Stephen Washington.
This is Brian Sonyles.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tim Daniel etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online forests but they do it by illegal media through banking trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this Mr. Sam Japan, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen out.
Mr. Japan stop streaming, you know your profile.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is victims of a cartoon than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad in worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate proteins -- they motivate the opinions. They motivate the laughs of them.
Groups like Anonymous have disappeared in the last 12 months occupying a distributed role on the lines online.
Those are the three main attractions, the criminals that do it for money, the habitats like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the natural states the governments that they act.
And then we see cases like Delhi.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Document is a control authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
Let me show you the last fall, because of a sandwich.
They climbed the safety of the site and they lost a control.
Last week, I said, in a meeting with representatives from the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were looking at the death of people to cause from the attack to Digoberg.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from an attack of these?
Document is a certified authority.
They sell collaboration.
What do the contradictions serve for?
Well, you need if you have a website, with tapirs, services services SETI, services like Ghana.
Except you understand a foreign alternative authority.
And they emit advanced categories.
And the case of Digger happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters launched the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the corner of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this folder called "Pressing "Press."
And within that folder there were notes from a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to introduce large scales of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 250,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
You know, Western governments provide tools to terrible governments so that they do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, the Studio Star was found, a trailer used by the German government official to investigate their own citizens.
If you're successful in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They're going to use even tools like the Studio Court to infect our computer with a trailer to allow them to see all the communication, and to listen to online arguments, to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide."
And that argument makes no sense.
It's the privacy.
The privacy is not discovered.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we remember today, will be forever.
Are we going to be constantly confident in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about us in the next 50 years.
This is where I live, living in Kenya, at the south of North National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National National Park.
The National National Park has not close in most of the South, which means that wild animals like crimes migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our win.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and so soon we woke up in the morning, and we found it dead. I felt very bad because it was the only floor we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to prepare them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew out to hate the laws.
The monkeys are warriors that protect our community and the livestock and they are also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's so few in the National National Park.
A child in my community, at six at nine years old, is responsible to the winner of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave me fear.
But I realized that it doesn't really sound, because even helped lions to see the stress of the low.
I didn't get up, Content.
A second idea was to use a spring.
I tried to send the lions to believe that it was close to the strategy.
But the lions are very smart --  They came the first day and they saw the spring, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stadium with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that the lions have fear to the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would think about and stop the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
It would throw everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply electricity to the small Indian box -- I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the light light.
As you can see, the bombs go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see it when you come from night.
The light lights and send the lions to think that I'm walking through the stage, but I am leaving my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with the laws.
And the house houses hear the idea.
One of them is about this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
You put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all of Kenya, to address other predators like herois, legal, and it's also using to display elephants from the farm.
Thanks to this invention -- I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brown International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping recover funds and consumer.
I even took my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that they don't have, and I teach you how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid at the top of the meeting script the cow cows of my father, and I used to see planes fly, and he told me that some day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate lions -- but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
Adam Olympic. What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So I got a scholarship -- Richard Earth," yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RL: My next invention is, I want to do an electrical fence -- CA: An electricity close?
RL: I know you already invented the electronics -- but I want to do the mine.
CA: So I try it once, right? And you go, RS: I've tried it before, but I'm going to stand because I got a horse.  CA: At the foot of the truck, Richard Earth, you're a big thing.
We're going to anticipate in every step that you have, friend me.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was small. I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No not "notice."
And I felt very proud of me.
In school, we spend all the time studying the story of Kim IIRA, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are the enemy.
Although I sometimes asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I was going to spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1990, my mom brought home a letter from my sister of my brother.
And that said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're registered together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We are prepared to die."
It was very high.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the short time, when I walked down to the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase my memory.
A homeless woman was dead in the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge humble manufacture to North Korea in the middle of 1990s.
At the end, over a million Americans died during famine and only few survived eating past, insects and trees of tree.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cards, all of me was completely to dark at night except by sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light.
This is a solid picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Robotics River, which serves from limitation between North Korea.
As you can see, the river can be very straight in certain points, allowing North to sell seriously.
But many die.
Sometimes I see bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how North Korea, but I can only say that for the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be as a normal refugees.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the northern refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replicated to a horrible department in North Korea.
A day, my worst nightmare was reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was introduced in police station.
Somebody had accused me for being normal, then I looked at my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer questions.
At the end of the Internet, an office told another, "This was a fake representation. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Americans in China look for asylum in foreign terms.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and depressed.
These women were very lucky.
Though they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These numbers didn't have so much lucky.
Every year, non-village non-violence are captured in China and defeated North Korea, where they are tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape -- many other Americans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the nutrients have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can get in an instant.
That's why after 10 years of hide my identity, I've decided to get to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Being in South Korea was a much bigger challenge of what I expected for.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South Korea.
We are all colors, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 27 years of diversity.
They even add an identity crisis.
Am I subtle or normal?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride me.
Although admitting life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan, I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call clear.
North Korean authorities introduced some money that sent my family, and, as a result, my family was going to be attached to the force to a location in the outside.
They had to drive immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The nutrients have to travel long distances on the path to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and fell down to the border with North Korea.
Because my family could not speak Chinese, I had to get them, in some ways, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through the Southeast Asia.
The trip in cars took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and forced by an official police officer.
I asked the identified of everybody, and I started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I immediately stood up and told him that they were surprisingly surprisingly awarding people.
I looked at me, but fortunately, I was surprised.
We did all the way to the border of Lakes.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the French guards in Lakes.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and entrepreneuring to cross the border immediately.
After paying multiple and sounds, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and entrepreneuring again in the Latin capital again.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was held in prison of the distance of South Korea.
I was and came between the office office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would be asked to ask him.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt -- the man was to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two north and take them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the normal people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The yellow discoveries a new hope for me and for the normal village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown, and the support of the international community is really the hope of hope that the normal village needs.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I got together in South Korea.
But achieving his freedom is only half the battle.
A lot of nutrients are separated from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with little or not money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of English language, the job practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky -- I've got a lot of aid and inspiration in my life, so I want to help you give Norway an opportunity to prepare international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North translations around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Street.
This is central Selentomy, stores of little movies, rapid food, pink trains.
So the city planners were gathered and thought, let's change the name of Central Central to represent something else, so they changed them to Los Angeles, as if this will fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  -- tens of links, rapid food, ball trees.
Just like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Central South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to get more people than food in the car.
People are dying from authoritarian diseases in Los Angeles Central South.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times larger than we say, "Beew Hills, who's like 15 miles away.
I'm glad to see that this happened.
And I wondered, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of house you see the daily effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of completely entrepreneurial wheels and sold as cars.
I see centers of diagnosed dialogue as Sanda.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is solution.
Food is the problem and the solution.
And I also have to run 45 minutes out and go back to buy a apples.
What I did, I was planning a forest forest in front of my house.
In a land factory we call a search.
It's 45 feet to be about three meters.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I get in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This was how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, LT: Green Greenland, we get together and we started planning our food forest -- financial trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of group paid by all of the protections of all the procedure, all the city and completely volunteers, and all we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone was collected.
The city came up with me and in summary, they gave me a cyclist saying I had to raise my garden.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A legal order to plant food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, let's leave it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve London, and I talked to the council and one of the members of Greg Grand, who put a petition in California, with 900 fireflies, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My advice was even called to say that they went back and they were doing what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more strainstic land.
It has 60 miles of pink terrain.
That's 20 Central Parkinson.
That's enough enough to plant 420 million tomato plants.
Why don't it look like this?
Cutting a plant will give you a thousand seasons.
When a dollar of tools will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my stone, when I tell people, culture your own food.
Culturally your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Street.
I grew up there. I created my kids there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manipulated for me for others, and I'm going to manipulate my own reality.
You'll see, I'm an artist.
The sea is my graduate -- I cultivate my art.
Just like a graduate artist, which is collectively walls, I buy soils, searches.
It uses the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas and plants and trees, are my aging of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the Earth can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You simply can't imagine how amazing a gift is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became an education tool, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
You would be surprised to see how to affect girls.
Sort of the sea is the most traditional and compelling act you can do, especially in a sea.
Also, you get cold.
I remember an occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, they were like 1960, and they were in my backyard, and they were very simple.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, "You know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hungry, and this only reflects why I do this, people ask me, "Find, don't fear that people are going to steal your food?
And I say, "Oh no, I don't fear you're going to steal it."
That's what it is in the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to raise your health.
There was another bear that I put a garden in a refugee to spread in the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was fascinating, they shared me his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Grey Greens has come to plant maybe 20 gardens here.
We've had, like about 50 people coming in, work and participate, all of them in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects mind and body, they eat blind things that put them in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in, and I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them nowhere.
With the grand, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who get off their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
You may produce the next George Washington Carter.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take condoms and turn them into healthy faces.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to fix it.
What I talk about is to try to work people, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy and the pride and the honor to cultivate their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become educated, standard, self-seeking searches.
We have to change the script of what is a grand.
If you're not a garden, you're not a guy.
The guys take their cup of right?
That is their choice weapon.
In sun, if you want to get me with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some fear, to talk about making some fear.
If you want to see, they come to the garden with their stick, so we can plant something.
Peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience noises)   You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of application, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it makes a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the parking device.
And especially if you go into your bicycle and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the device can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porn applications cards.
The perfect application, a material that we use now in most roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so all the water water would flow up to the sides and have a road that it's easy to drive, and they won't replace water.
The noise will also disappear.
Because it's very hole, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the disadvantages of this road is that you can get away.
What is they to deliver? See that in this road, the stones of the surface are coming up.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then I won't do that.  But they can give them their paralysis, and they won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create bacteria with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Bathenes, of course, that can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can really see how the damage is in this material.
It's a permanent application, as I said, so it only has a little amount of adventure between stones.
Because of the printer, to the ultraviolet light, to the operation, the adventure, this sea -- the glue between the wheels, it will be closed, and if you store, you will be migrating and separated from the advances.
So if you drive down the road, you will take the advances, as you saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about corruption materials.
If we can make this material be abandoned, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use steel tissue, from that to clean series, and we can cut the steel line into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the baby.
So we have a little bit of alliance with little pieces of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a machine machine.
The industry can collapse, especially the steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is pick up the steel, raise the baby, the baby flows through these microbes and the stones will look at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great machine of innovation here on the stage.
The microbes of microbes is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try it."
So we had a piece of card, 400 feet of the 1856, where we had to do a trial cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in card, and then, of course, this route will spend several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we test them in the lab.
We made the sample, we put a lot of load on them, we repair them after our machine of industry, and we repair them and try them out.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, including these fibers, using the energy energy for reality, to actually increase the life of the road, even you can double the life of the surface, you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to figure out first before you can show you how repair is.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, work.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woke up a morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening to Bible New in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news usually depressed it.
"The Taliban was going to be -- I recorded my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
A morning that will never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six when the Taliban came from Afghanistan, and they did illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escape my older sister -- that I could no longer be alone outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could support where we were.
We had to hide the books in bags in the market so that it seems like we were buying companies.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us learned in a small room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely cultural in summer.
We all knew that we manage our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in when, the school was legally closed for a week, because the Taliban satellites.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Was they getting us?
Did you know where we live?
We were attached, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow up in a family where education was appreciated and girls a spring.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total commitment of a remote provinces of Afghanistan, insisted in that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father brought it.
But my wrong mother became teacher.
This is it.
Two years ago, only to convert our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this one, was the first of all her family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the tables, despite the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not writing his children.
Over the years, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to return, but my father said, "Look, my God, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So you still want not to continue yet.
Today I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age, they have more than bacteria, and if my family had not been so committed with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud of graduate in Wikipedia College in change.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandmother, which was excited from her home to educate his daughters, was one of the first ones to survive.
He wasn't just about my college title, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which brings it down by the streets of Kanel.
My family believed in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1954, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why SETI coordinated the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, as the mine, they would be advertised by them, to weigh and even face to a desperate option.
Like Amazon. It's not your real name, and I can't show you his face, but Alexandria is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from the way from AIDS to his village, and literally they complained to be killed by a bomb in the way, for minutes.
When you get home, you are the phone, a voice would admit that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try it again.
"You know, if you want," he said, "But I'm not going to hurt the future of my daughter for her old and recorded ideas.
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the tables, the girls who went to school are in hundreds, remember, was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan is so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear that these changes are not very much, after the U.S. troops in the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that they encourage them, I see a professional future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possible possibilities, and every day the GDP girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the example, "Hey, resist Gamble against him.
But you never become a sexually religious revolution.
They've spent almost two years since the liberal revolution inspired by the advances of mass movements as much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with a lot of other free citizens, in and out of the country to call a day day and start a revolution against the German regime of Galil.
And we did, it was a great revolution.
Women and young young men were in the blood, eliminating the fall of the regime -- by taking freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a rat extracting the distribution of Galileo diagnosis.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a few thousand dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the ground.
However, Galileo left a heavy piece, a leader of land, corruption and parking seeds.
For four decades, the CEO of Galileo destroyed infrastructure and culture and moral structure of freedom.
Conservation of devastation and challenges -- I've wanted to have a lot of other women, to rebuild liberal civil society, demands an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They were established about 200 organizations in Bangladesh, and immediately after the fall of Galileo, about 300 in Tibet.
After a 33-year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about developing capabilities and leadership skills.
With an amazing group of women we founded the Protography of Women Liberia for Peace -- a movement of women, leaders, from very diverse origin, to advocate for the political autonomy of women and for our right participation in the construction of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the pressure period, an environment that was increasingly polio, which is moved from the selfish and exciting politicians.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17th percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, a little bit of a bit, the culture of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found violence news.
And one day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi singles.
Another day I ended up with the news of the American earthquake murderer and the attack to the control.
Another day we woke up with the news of the officers of the army office.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the microbes and their visible continuity of the human rights of the prisoners and their lack of respect of the law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is politically pollen, and has been removed from ideas and principle of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
Intelligence, exclusion and shame became the icons of the consequences of revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of the list and the elections.
Now, I'm here today to confirm that we, as a nation, choose bad, make the wrong decision.
We don't pretend well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security.
The list of life and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recovery?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society following police and dominated with selfish policy policies and enthusiasm and so many men like by women?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion and mercy and identity.
Our society needs national dialogue and conservation of consensus more than choices, which they only reduce polarization and diversity.
Our nation needs the classic representation of the female more than need the normal and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage, and we need to call it a day.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and microbial.
We have to develop a female discourse that not just hurts, but also put the music instead of the visit, in the place of competition, in the place of emotion in place.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately with the end of getting peace.
Because peace has an anecdote that deals with interaction and alternative between female perspective and males.
That's the real creativity.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a political way.
According to a version of the Koran Columbia, peace, "It's the word of Mississippi God, "Chris, complication."
At the same time, the word "Random, which is known in all artificial traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "British," symbolic the feminist and material, which brings all the humanity in which men and women, which all tribes and all the people have died.
And so just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of nuclear compassion all existence.
This is what he says, "My music has all the things."
This is how you say, "My mission depended on my should."
So all of them are considered the grace of microbial.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an unusual question, which has an equally unusual answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that they all do always, why is she still?
Why was someone to stay with a man who was painted?
I'm not a psychologist, no social worker, no experience in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I just landed at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and a editor in the Senator magazine.
I had my first apartment. My first Green Grand Amazon Completely, and I had a very big secret.
My secretary was that many, many times, the man, who I created my twin soul, strapped me on my head with a pink, I went to the head with a store back.
The man, which I love more than no one in this world, put a screen in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Love love, a psychological trap. The love, where you fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be your story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm ready in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in March of the White School.
I've spent most of my career working for the companies of the "Financial 500,000 list, between them John & Johnson Law Bonobo, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, John.
I took almost 20 years with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black writer, and I drive a Hindu High minds.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all race, all the religions -- all the levels of wealth and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the butterflies are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in new relationships and interpretation and long duration or, I said in other ways, in families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence, reason why the domestic abuse is so destroying.
I myself would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who would pay him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and more than 500 women in that age are killed every year by partners, novel and marine husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold cold and rain night.
I was sitting on my side in New York subway and started to deal with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just been able to read from a university of the Church Leader and I worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But the thing that struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed a little girl in the countryside.
He had a lot of big mountains like apples, and a solid robot short, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the most intelligent things I did Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the couple.
He did it about all the beginning putting on a post.
We started coming out and loved everything from me, which was ready, that I had gone to Harvard who put a passion in helping teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know all about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I believed in me, as a writer, and as a woman, as nobody had ever done before.
And that's why the literature in that school show and work in Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to survive and to make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to analyze it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was come from New York City and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner so I accepted my job and Congo and I were together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love little love, which was entering head in a physical trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce violence to see how it is.
And this is where they go into stage those clues.
As soon as we move to New England you know, that site where Congo had to feel so safe to buy three clues.
One was in the middle of the car.
Another woman below the pillow in our bed, and the third always in his pocket.
And he said I needed those plates because of the trauma that I lived from small.
I needed them to feel secure.
But those pieces actually were a message for me, and although I had never lifted my hand, my life was already in severe danger.
The first physical attack of Korea happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the cancer.
Five days later, when the 10 members of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother out of my mother and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted a lot.
And I was very, very absolutely.
It had just been very clean by the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident, and I would never get hurt.
It spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach, and he lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I recorded several times against the car window, the candy window, the candy window, the candy window, the window.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey of honey -- I was came through the traffic.
Congo continued to take one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or rice at some point of their life, and the Center of Disease of diseases reported that every year 15 million children are barbled, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
To go back to my question: Why do I get there?"
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
At the contrary, I was a very strong woman -- I fell out of a profoundly advanced man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Cuba to face her demonstrations.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't it just be stopped?
Why didn't I go? I could have been at any point.
To me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- is incredibly dangerous to abandon a marketing.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill them.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has put end to relationship, after they get out, because then the lawyers already have nothing to lose.
Other restrictions include permanent cost, even after the lawyer has become married, density of financial resources, and manipulation of the family system system to defeat victim and their children, who normally are forced by judges to spend time not with the man who paid their mother.
And yet we continue to ask, why don't it just go?
I was able to go on, because of one last satellite screen that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed if I had allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the world, to police, to my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to strategy victims as spectacular tools, audience women, dancing goods.
The question, "Why is it stopped?
For some people this is a way to say, "The guilt is its for any of us, as if victims are constantly choosing to get away from men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Lovele Love," I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also scared, that they learned an amazing lesson of what happened to them and they prescribe their lives living and happy lives like employees, wife and mothers -- completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a cute and yellow man, and we have those three children.
I have that black book and also that minimizing.
What I'm not going to be going to have ever more, ever -- is a store tool pointing into my head in someone who says I want.
At this point, as you're thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating, or "Hello, what the tone was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, which you're listening to right now, who are being satisfying or they were a little bit of a surgeon themselves.
The marriage could be affecting his daughter, his brother, his best friend right now.
I was able to pay my crazy love love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last petition to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply by running light on it.
victims, we need everybody.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Raise the marriage to light talking about it with his children, their coworkers of work, their friends and family.
Take your vision of survivors like fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to tackle their scale and show victims a safe room.
Together, we can convert our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful neighborhoods that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this point, there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first shift change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of fortune to present it, I think.
If some of the women were injured when I came up, they don't have to pick it now, but I would find it later on Twitter.
I also want to suggest that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These boxes are very uncomfortable, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater, because it's when you're going to laugh me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
He was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would open the street and the ice of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial grandmother like the one that I made two days for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect -- which, although superficial and immune, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being valuable means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sex girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but sound.
The first question is, how do you get to model?
And I always say, a snail discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I did model is because they won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a tool, and maybe you're wondering what this horrible is.
Well, in the last century we have not only defined beauty as health and youth and symmetry -- which we're biologically programmed to admit -- we also associate it to a high and selective shape, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my hero, herilance that I've known to harness for money.
And I know there are people in the audience that are now shown scientist, and maybe there are some of the questions that say, wait, there are Namibia, Tree, John Stanford, Liz Window.
First of all, happiness for knowing so many models -- it's amazing.
But I usually have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York University told each and each one of the models in the runway, and from the 2760s, controlled models -- just 27 percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it is?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what I really told each one of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a critical non-control and poverty, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If you after this spectacular list, you still insist -- no, no. Camera, I want to be model, then I say, "I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything -- and you could be the reduction chief of the Red Virgin magazine or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you get older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiovascular surgery, you can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've already had your studies, and you have a cubicle and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, if you say you want to be president from the United States, but your cubicle said, "Mobile clothes for 10 years, people look weird to you.
The next question that people always ask me is if all pictures are represented.
And yes, you basically get together all the photographs, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biologist, and I didn't even have my wife.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a girl.
And so I put up my grandfather a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I'm in a party party a few days before the photos for the French Virgin.
Here I am with my football team and the Vietnam magazine.
And this is me.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creating a group of professionals, paintings, marketing, photographers and statistics, and all their aid and prototype people and production, and they can create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many letters from 20 inches and that I never use, except the previous couple -- but the privilege that I get in the real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and forgot me to take money, and they gave me the free secret.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend that was a photographer professor, and of course, they stood up, and of course, it was a feeling -- agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not why I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their own without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 140 teenagers who were paid and recorded -- 75 percent were black and little bits, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177 black young men in New York, so for them, is it not a question of me give me?"
But how many times are you going to get up?
By researching for this talk, I learned that at 63 percent of the United States in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 18 percent at 17 percent.
So the last question that people ask me is, what is life of a model?
And I think the answer that you hope is, if you're a little bit more densely, and you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and strange.
And behind cameras, we give a response that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful travel, and also incredible to work with creative people, engineering and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what's going on, because what I never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them.
And I'm because I have to worry about my species every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the most brilliant character, will it be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most brilliant horse and the more to the fashion -- but it's probably the most insecure physical women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something to get out of this talk, I hope that everybody feels more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to get a camera, but I want to share with you my 15 more precise, and I wasn't me who I took them.
There were no artistic directors, no stars, no opportunity to replicate photos -- not even a minimum minimum in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them into the sugar.
My story starts when, meeting New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the 57 and five a.m.
I gave the quality that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can already imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife said to me, why don't you bring me to New York City in a paint trip and continue the risk?
So here is when we started asking the tourists to happen that we would take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of raising camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, never nobody has ever fled with the camera.
And so we were not aware of how much we would change this journey to us.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representative of a reliable moment or a specific trip.
They're also a way to stop the time in an ocean week, and to make us rethink about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all ways.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter has new holes, and I can see life through your eyes and how it looks and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking on, when suddenly he stood in dry and pointed a red roof of the store of dolls that I was little in previous sight.
And I described what had felt at five years old in that same place.
I began to remember his heart to paint with the force of the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging active in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't know in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who took the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to stay in the picture, and you don't get to reach someone and ask yourself, "Did you get a picture of it?
Thank you.
I want to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The edges are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It's also associated with Disney laughter personalities like mental characters, some standards, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the right Kenyan press, you spread and complexity these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of the Parliament don't keep clean the environment.  The parameters don't help prevent the spread of diseases.
They're just smaller.   They're far from embarrassing.  And my favorite, the guards have better pressure --  -- there are two kinds of dives on this planet.
There are the New World Banks that are primarily found in the Americas, like the nurses and the cards, and the World World Buddhas, where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 faced a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the books important? First of all, they provide violent ecological services, Lines.
They're our natural trash.
They clean the dead down to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria. They help absorb the number that not to be for them to extend and cause great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no books, the motors take three to four times more time in disabilities, and this has huge branching in the disease of diseases.
The bubbles also have enormous historical importance.
They've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture.
Nellish was the symbol of the protection and the material, and along with the coral, they simulated the unit between the Alps and the Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology -- Japan was the black god -- and he risked his life to save the severe lady of 10 heads Robotics.
In the Tibetan culture, a lot of very important energy environments, in places like Tibet. There's no place to bury dead, or wood to create them, so these neighborhoods provide a natural fudge system.
What's the problem with the books?
We have eight species in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned and the reason that they're being sent is because there are conflicts between humans and family, the fossil communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence of the divers are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of scuba are in the critical list of endangered danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be excited, and the reason is because they fall out of the winning consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Diamandine.
This drug has been banned to use violence in India, and they've taken a posture.
Since there are no books, there has been a paradigm in the number of dark dogs in viruses of cards, and when you have dark dogs -- you have a huge amount of time for radio, the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 350 airports are going to be on top of Lake Taliban.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds -- they cut them through half.
They're birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead books to serve the brown and the paradigm market.
So what's going on? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting it together.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focusing on a problem is usually not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about predicting the organs, about the need to predict these wonderful creatures and services that they produce.
How can you help be acting? You can get active, do noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you we have to focus on these very unexpected creatures -- donate their time to spread the word. It will destroy the word.
When you get out of this room, you will be informed about bloods, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the edges.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said it changed the opinion because I saw them fly without effort -- no energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything that I do, my life, has been made for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1977 until 1967, Libra young -- but I am no longer --  I worked in Zimbabwe, Kenya, California and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we established in Africa failure.
And it was put.
I thought, at the age of 21, we were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we did is we admired it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "The Zoins" of the Zimbabwerine: was a project where we have an Italian we decided to teach the people from Zimbabwe, to grow food.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zyanbation to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the Zimbabwe River, and we teach local chemicals to grow Italian and cardiologist tools.
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't help.  We were astonished that the local -- in so cold, they had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  "All over time to save people from Zimbabwe of the Harvard."
And of course, everything in Africa is very beautiful.
We got these magnificent tools. In Italy, a shot grew up this size. In Zimbabwe, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the shoots, "Look, what easy is the agriculture?
When the tomatoes were beautiful, marine and red -- at night in the morning, about 200 households came out of the river and ate everything.  And we said to the shoulders, "Oh my God, we help them."
And the shootings said, "Yes, that's why we don't have any agriculture here: "Why don't you say that? You never ask me."
And I thought we only had the Italians in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did -- what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the holes.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we beat the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, called "The Modern Maria, of Madagascar Mall.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western Western countries, we've entered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that money has changed.
Just read your book.
Take it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are implants, collectively missions and treating people only two ways, or we paint them, or we're paradigm.
The two words come from the launch role "are "going to be "done "play "are "partnership."
However, it means two different things.
Path, I treat any of a different culture like my children, "I want a lot.
Paradigm, I treat all of a different culture like my neighbors.
So the white women in Africa are called "Black" -- bees.
That book gave me a battle in the face, "The little one is beautiful, written by Shanghai, who said for all economic development, if people don't want to be help, they just want to be helping them.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a bullet on the ground and said, "Can you imagine a city that isn't negative?
I decided at 27 years old, I used to respond to people, and I invented a system called Facial Company where you never start anything, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a series of local passion, the silence of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You heat it.
It comes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the local.
We don't work from offices.
We sat in a cafe -- we get in a bar.
We have infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what people want to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help you find the knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why don't we, at once instead of coming to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we say, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never assume and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't support their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face -- you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family doctor of the business -- who set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Spain, city of Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this continuity that we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in the march, and the government came to me to ask myself, "How can you do that?"
How can you do that? And I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult.
And I heard and listened to them,  So the government says, "Look new --  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of soldiers.
Peter Derek, one of the world's greatest corporate killer advisers failed at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Delhi was a philosophy teacher before we got involved in business, and this is what Peter Delhi says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company.
planning is the beauty of the death of corporate spirit.
So now they are rebuilding Christian without knowing what the most talented people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to make these people close to conversation with you.
You have to offer them conflict, privacy, you have to be fantastic to help them, and then you will be going to go in Mars.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What pressure you have ever been down this morning.
Personalized local people. That's what you have spread.
So, what I'm telling you is that the spirit spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first Industrial Revolution industrial revolution -- not renewable, manufacturing, and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The face as a way to sustain machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nuclear, we care, we educate -- we engage, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent the technology for green revolution to the ground? Forget them."
Government government."
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they are doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1770.
And in the year 1770, this group of people, and they were looking at what happened to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was universities, the city of New York would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they disappear, if the population keeps growing up to this room, to move into the population of New York to the walls, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already announcing in standard.  So in 1875, they were driving this dirty technology that would bring the life in New York.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, appeared 120 automatic marketing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few students, shows, factories in parallel places.
Death, Michigan. Henry Ford Hero.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them conscious.
Otherwise, you're not going to come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute thing, deliberately, exciting service.
And then soon, you will have to tell you the truth with the truth to engage.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three wonderful things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic company, and you have to count with a fantastic financial abstraction.
You know what?
We have met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
No exist.
This is still not born.
We've invested and looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Washington, Edison -- all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common, only one: no one was started by one person.
The word "I "do -- but the word is: 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facials, who come from a small business environment sitting in cards, in bars together to their dedicated discoveries who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic -- someone who would ask you. What do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that; I want you to look at somebody else?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Who surrounds us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like autism, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their applications?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share more our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams.
I live in New Orleans and I'm mad in New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant rocks that give short and barriers and strands from centuries and trust in a city.
It always gives the music.  There is a device in New Orleans.  The city has one of the world's most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties in America.
I live close to this house and I thought I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was advanced and unexpected.
I thought a lot on death and so on.
And this gave me a profound degree for the living time.
I gave it clear to the meaningful things of my life.
But I was struggling to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let the day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant blackboard, and he painted on her phrases to completely ask, "Before I die.
So the continents could take a tail, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect about this experiment, but the next day the wall was ready and kept coming up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before I die, I want to be judged by paradigm."  So before I want to sit on the bottles on the line of death change.
"Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people.
"Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
"Before I die, I want to live outside the web.
"Before I die, I want to open it one more time.
"Before I die, I want to go to someone's rescue.
"Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and expectations of people who were made me back to cards, and they destroy me, and they gave me constant in difficult moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and scanners. It's about giving rise to shame and corruption, and to remember what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we did a kit and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kansas, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we show the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of distribution distributions, it's more important than ever, finding ways to consider perspective and remember that life is free and delicious.
Death is something that we often avoid to talk about, or even think, but I understand that the death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about death classical our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, people that surround us cannot only help better places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single petition today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Rome has 22 years, it's high and very cool.
I don't speak -- but transmission is better than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
And I share it constantly what happens.
It's not awful. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and focus on this: it's never lying.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to provide words that I can't even be able to get, I remember one thing: the little thing we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that has to be unknown.
Samuel has 16 years old. It's very cool.
It has the most unpredictable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chemistry, but I remember the year that I came up with every song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to be role in my arm during the first episode of the Teles and the Golden Galvao.
Doesn't you look amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, it's often ignored.
But what drives my heart and supported my soul was that even if that was the case, even if you wouldn't consider them within the original thing, that would only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary, autism and extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those least familiar with the term of "manufacturing, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
Every single individual is manipulated differently, from there that Rezero is so different to Mars.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of the development that most quickly increases in the world, there is no cause or cure known.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I recorded a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, I didn't seem very interested in me.
He lived alive and kept in his own world, with his own rules, and I found out pleasure on the smallest things, like putting the cars on filter around the room, looking at the washing washing and eat anything that would be between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evidence.
But beyond the beekeepers, the frustration and the intrinsic health, there was something really unique, a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without pressures, a human being that I had never lying.
Amazing.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments that I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individual, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal passes the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey it one thing to Rome and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autism or not, the differences we have. They are a girl: each of us has a gift in their inner and, surely the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for gravity, progress and change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what it should have been to be Alice in the National Canyon.
Penn Street asked me to me, a computer professor, who gave a kind of communication to student students.
I was scared.  It was really surprised -- I scared these students with their great minds, their great books and their big words and the words and unknown words.
But when you develop those conversations -- I felt what Alice should have felt when I went through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had these conversations with students, surprised me the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists have these interactions.
But these great conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please smell with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer me, and then what?
Tell me why science is relevant for us.
We don't just say that they study transformations, but they study the transformations, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the associations.
And when you are describing your science, you care with your youth.
Laughing is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temperature: but why don't I say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing as you do them.
Instead, as Einstein said, it's all as simple as possible, but not simple.
You can communicate clearly your science without buying ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways to fight and interact with their content.
And when you present your work, forget your battlefield senses."
They've wondered why they're called balls?  What do you do the balls? The balls kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's supported in the area of our brain language and obsolete.
Instead, this picture of examples from George Brown is much more effective -- shows that the special structure of the traditions is so strong that it really inspired unique design of the Eiffel Tower, which is so strong.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase -- legislation, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and, at the way, provide graphs that fit our other senses and believe a deeper sense of understanding what it is described.
I think these are just some key that can help us open the door and see the country of the wonders that is science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers -- when you've solved this equation, all over the media, you get simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the English English Dianastation is "globalized."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "Lesson means "design politics.
Although there was a perfect editor of the 19th century that the definition much better when he said, "A signature is the one who seeks a public load without important particular, platform or principle -- and that, when it win, it makes it for the sea using a reduction version."
I have no idea what it means construction.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 177 percent of the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the words that were told in the particular chamber.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of Brazil Crisis, who faced the Parliament to it.
They put them in the London tower and they commissioned it, but he had enough enough to face them, and at the end of the end, he had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the phrase of the phrase "and bound it like metal."
Most of them think it's literature.
It's not. It's a advocate of expression freedom.
But to show you really how words and policy interact -- I want you to return to America right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, just after independence, just after independence, just after independence, just after independence, just after independence, just after independence, just after independence, just after independence, just after independence, just
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leader of a reproductive country?
This was developed in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions they could have failed.
Some wanted to call it "The West Witten State With the world, and others, "The General George Washington and other "Death Lesters of the Washington United States.
Not very attacked.
Some just wanted to call it Robert."
They thought it was absolutely qualitative.
And not even with it, they were monitoring, they had the idea that you could be elected by a detail detector.
And I could have served it.
Everyone gets immensely tired, because this debate was protected for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor series, and always wrote, still with this issue.
What they caused the rate and the point was that the Research House was against sex.
The Research House didn't want Washington to be able to be able to be power.
They didn't want to call it Beethoven for whether he gave him or his own ideas.
And so they wanted to give it the most modest title, more incredibly and more impressive that it happened.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title anymore, but there was only someone who presents a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more great than the term "good or supermarket."
There were emerging presidents of small colonial and general choices and government, but it was really an incomplete title.
And so the Senate is open.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign digitals."
"And who would take in serious with such a ridiculous title and invited the U.S. President?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been completely represented the title of President.
President Barack Obama has lucky to continue there, waiting to be the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- we are possible that we continue to wait 236 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you -- is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all. Right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to death, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of self-seeking aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have led to the title of gravity.
So the end won the sensor.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate -- the appearance of synagogue, well, was a symphony for then.
But you know how many nations you have now pressure?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate Senate and the Conservation Completely lost, because no one is going to feel humiliated when they say that now are the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but actually, the actual reality much more the words than they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet underground in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded out of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the search of surgery body in dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that they talk about, but above all, that marriage of male manual and legs with primitive tools.
As the others, I take a nice light of light on the head with this orange elephant, and I can barely distinguish the branches that are holding the walls of that hole from a meter that falls hundreds of feet on the ground.
My hand was related to my hand, and I suddenly remember a minute that I met days before, which lost control and fell into that period.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole holding their lives without paying or reward, and often die.
I went out of that hole and went home, but they may never do it, because they are pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting national cultures in over 70 countries in six continents and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Common Peace Common.
Among all the incredible people I met there I met a "Freedom of "Frank the South," a NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world, but not a degree in the world.
When we finished talking to me I felt very bad, I was embarrassed to ignore this advantage of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know it?
I was made a number of the stomach, and weeks later, I went back to Los Angeles to meet the director of "Free and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've already been in many of these sites.
Some of all, I considered them my second home.
But this time, monitoring the dirty trips.
A conservative calculation says there are currently more than 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans that are displaced throughout all the traditional slave jobs.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 today.
But today, today, you can be applied to entire families by generations for generations by 1980 1980s.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been angry with false education promises of good education and better work to then discover that they are forced to work without pay, under violence and cannot escape.
Today the slavery operates in the company, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are sailing them.
The slavery exists all over the world, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the little birthday hormones.
This strange and fundamental spirit was like entering the old Egypt or the Daniel Deterrent.
Imagine in a temperature of 45 C. men women, women, children, in fact, family families wrapped into a chest piece of dust, attached mechanically light on their heads, until 18 at the time, and they take them out of the horizontal furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
They were defined by monitoring and contact work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no passengers to eat, not to drink, and the drawing service made it to be pretty amazing.
So penguins were the heat and the dust that my camera became too warm to the ceiling and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to reverse it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven I wanted to cry, but the adult who was on my side and I was quickly grabbed me and said, "Look, don't do it. Don't do it."
And I explained very clearly that demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
It could put them into a worse situation than they were gone.
I had to trust "Free and work within the system for his release and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart.
In the Himalayas, I found children running stone for miles for miles for mountains to trucks that waiting down.
Those big plates were more heavy than the children who carry them and the kids would hold them into their heads with corresponds made of streets, ropes and gentlemen.
It's hard to present something so boring.
How can we influence something so inspired, but so incomplete?
Some people don't even know that they are slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villages broke their freedom, the climbers were completely burned their houses.
At the hear of the word, we often think of sexual trafficking, and because of this global awareness that was difficult to me that it would be hard to me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina I was commissioned by women who had previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by a few ants that gave this dirty basement.
It wasn't exactly a bar.
It was more a restaurant.
Research, as you know in the office, are local.
They have small rooms -- private rooms where the schools with their girls and children, some of just seven years, are forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and silent, identified by a swimming number on the wall and divided by a bit of a carbon.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients.
From standing in the travel, I remember feeling a fear of a story -- and in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be attracted in that infrastructure.
I only had one room, the stairs, where I came in.
There were no dead doors.
There were no enough enough windows as to travel.
Those people don't have skepticism and, because we play such a difficult subject, it's important to show that slavery. Even sexual traffic.
There are hundreds of people wrong in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 thousand Americans are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It goes out of pain, but we don't see it.
Temperatures are another activity that we often relate to the slave hand.
I visited Indian villages in which there were buried family families in the silk trade.
This is a family report.
The hands of black hands are the father, the blue and the robots of the blue and the red.
They mix the links in these big bars and raise the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the train is toxic.
My intuition told me his stories.
"We don't have libertation, they said.
We still hope, however, can get out of this house some day and go to another place where we really pay us our job."
There are more than 4,000 children in Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to get a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense of it?
Erison. They were all spark.
Kids are separated from their traditional families, destroyed and forced to work extensively strands in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up, he was afraid that his little canoe was pregnant.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees in the Valley are often catching networks and children and families and feet, and they wake up the water to melt the branches.
Many of them are standing.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love, it's not going to flee and like all life has been treated with criticism, genetically treated to younger employees under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when the last net networks, but they had been working from the one.
At night cold and wind.
And you know that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they are fish to fish.
I want to introduce you to Kosovo.
Kosovo was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a refugee where I were "Frank the Solar Sand of slavery.
Kosovo symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving a road in Ghana with societies of "Frank States, a colleague company with its metal account and supported our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it for a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the way, he inspired us to get out of the car, and asked the driver to go quickly.
Then he pointed this serious series of serious service and said, "This is the path -- this is the way. Come on!
As we started to go down, we took the coaches that blocked the path and after walking around a hour and we found that the path was tied by the recent records, so I put the pictures of photos on my head as we disappeared in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the story was still ended up in a classroom, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a soccer field, and they were all full of slave workers.
A lot of women had children tied up to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they walked into water water water.
The market is used in the assembly process.
These minerals are elected in a poem in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the fish, they were engaged in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, shooting, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people who are carrying fish heavy bags that then will be transported to another area in which they master the stone so they can extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and violent men, but if we look closer to the sea, we see to work to other less lucky and also children.
They're all versions of injury and disease and violence.
In fact, it is very likely that this muscle ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and development in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When he died his father her uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Manhattan inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mines, so big that doctors said it should be awarded.
In addition to that, Mahmoud has tuberculosis, and it doesn't look at that, it's forced to work night and day in that minute.
Yet, he dream with being released and educated with local activists for local activists like "Free States, and it's this kind of detection, from face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to give up with them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I certainly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it gets very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not recording records. They're from people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful, standardized people, which I've had the great honor of knowledge.
I hope that these images give up a force in which you see them in people like you, and I hope that that force sends a fire, and that fire. That fire releases light on slavery because, without that light, the beauty of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math matter and there's a peculiar problem for whom I do, we're like management conflicts.
Nobody knows what we do.
So today, I'm trying to explain what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
We get rid of the virtual virtuals and the janitors --  that we will see later.
But the bank demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial adventure that can well have a genetic component in it.
Sadly, neural disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jason Stanford, who, in his time, was a virtual virus of bacteria.
In the last few years, it has been produced in treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable network, temperatures, rich and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and in definition, the only way we know is really a cure to be when we have an objective and blindness.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't follow blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurologic exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult trip to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to introduce you as no conventional way to try to try to try it, you see, in a sense, at least at least -- we're all virtues like my friend Jason Stanford.
This is a video of the vegetation of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as they go out to speak sound -- we can imagine as dancers from a vocal whale because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes need, the Phone, for instance.
And, as the bank, it takes an extraordinary training level of training.
Let's think about the time that leads to a child learn to talk.
From the sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as they saw, and as the Parkinson's affect the limbs.
On the bottom, you can see an example of the bottom of the vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
It is very very volunteer, definition and rich.
The speech becomes more continuity and supersonic after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these ecosystems compare based on voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible, both of you use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do them.
Both of them are precises. Well, but also the existing existence in voice are not specific.
I mean, they can be addicted.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're a minimum cost and we all know what happens.
When something makes a cost so low -- it goes on a massive scale.
These are some amazing goals.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I would not be able to go to the clinic for the routine choice.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could be able to do massive mass regulation for clinical trials, and for the first time, complex colonies on general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biologists of disease before it's too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Virgin Industrial initiative.
Together to Apple and Pennsylvania, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone or without Parkinson, you can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents. And I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached 50 percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mom, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What would you get out of these shows?
Max Libby, yes, yeah. What happens is that during the call you've got to figure out whether you have or not disease. TR: Sure.
MS: You see, some people can not pass it. They may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and to do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking at the factory factors in search of the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 75 percent accuracy right now?
MS: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Talk, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, which adopted the project.
TR: Newton and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MS: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Libby, public.
MT: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, 2011, I did photographic reports in New York City.
We are paralyzed creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in fourth without windows and, by the way, we avoid sunlight.
We do to the models that are still more densely, the perfect perfect skin even more perfect -- we do the impossible thing, and they criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real way for the images and the photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
A little bit of time later, an organization where it was volunteer -- there Harvard Vermeness, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Olive.
It's a little village of fisheries located in the East prison of almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the waves.
The lower water level takes over 24 feet high, and over three miles a land inside.
As you can imagine, the village was depressed.
We took collapses of channels and the streets.
We clean schools. We take the light and we leave the little house to be renewable and reported.
We take tons and tons of fish dead, association, power of local factory.
We teach ourselves and love us.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and Carson cards.
Everyone did the same thing.
Give them and take them to different places of the villages in front of them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered for.
As you get out of the wave, and to save your lives, you had to absolutely abandon everything you had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a center of evolution of the people.
I helped clean the community balls the big, giant bars.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the power of education is collecting photos.
There they took them up, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the pictures, I found some that had over a hundred years old, and they were still at the top of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that relationship and repair that reason and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contacted with some of them, and at the next morning, the answer was so absolute and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started to reduce photos.
This was the first one.
It wasn't too stressed, but where the water had described the face of the girl I had to get to a lot of precision and detector.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the stupid picture.
Over time, they got more pictures of time, and they needed more reporters, so I went back to Facebook and Linux and five days later 80 countries of 12 countries were offered to help.
At the age of two weeks I had 150 people who are willing to join together.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Republican, a neighboring village north of Hamburg.
Once we were using our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that they were going to take in them is a different story, depending on the story of the photos.
I could print an hour. I could print weeks.
It could impact months.
This guy had to draw practically by hand using as a guide of the areas whose color and details the water had not destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged into solid water, balls of bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of that together with the step of time continues to destroy them, so it was an important part of the project.
We couldn't replace the picture unless he was clean, and she had been replaced by his dream.
We were lucky with the magnetic limb.
Let's count with the guidance of an amazing neighbors.
It's very easy to damage even more than the pictures already.
As Wikipedia, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't eat mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures had suffered in relation to photos.
He had started calling them herself but he stopped to realize that I gave them even more.
It also had dancers.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to recover, we could take the images in one picture and reduce the full picture.
When I picked out their photos shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the photos in a parking station between the stones pretty far from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognize it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the endeavor to close the barriers to the waves.
He had to go inside the water while the soldiers were gone.
Their little children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survive.
The day he handed her pictures his child was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could go back to, something that could remember the past that I would not have been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,000 volunteers had joined there to help us clean out more than 13,000 pictures -- the vast majority --  the vast majority came back to their dreams.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us lead to 90 hundred family families completely resilient.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,200 in teams and materials, most of them in terms of impressions.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone wanted.
These are guards of our memories and stories -- the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would look for.
This is what the project was about, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this leads to someone, a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of representations.
Some of them connected them with something larger, to go to something, using their talents for something that are not delicious skin delicious.
To finish I'd like to read this email -- I sent it City the day I came back from Japan after six months.
Meanwhile, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in pictures.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from grandmother to small girl, gathered around a baby -- I was moving around a baby -- I was shocked because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, my mother and my daughter received back, hanging out of our wall.
In the entire world, all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Diane Electricity inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that takes a apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars, but at a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photography -- the photographer, a new technique so fast that you can create video from the light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, and beyond the visit line, or see the inside of the body without using X-ray vessels, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If you take a laser door, and you get it up and it goes into a billionth of a second, or it is, in several seconds to create a package of just a millimeter of ancestor.
And that package of photons -- that ball, travel to the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bag and this package package and we shoot in this bottle, how do those pictures get rid of this bottle.
What is the aspect of light in light camera?
Now, all this.   Remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nation is what it takes in traveling light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coke doesn't support this research.  They have a lot of things in this movie, to take this information to show what is going on.
The pulse, our ball, goes into the bottle with a package of pictures that starts to grab it, and inside, it starts to disappear.
Part of the light is flowing, it goes to the table, and we started to see these conditions.
Many of the pictures finally come to the tower, and then they explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that breaks on the inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection of the top, you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several squares, that the implications are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current. And we make it remember the same distance and we see it in cameras slow up to about 10 billion times, how much do you think would take us to feel that film?
One day? A week? Actually, every year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a monolifer canvas in motion.
And what about a death note?
You can see the waves that go from the table, the tomato and the wall wall.
It's like dragging a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I think, from a fish at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this shot, you will realize that, as the light comes out of the comet, it keeps bright up. It's not dark.
Why? Because the atom is mature and the light redesigned in its inner and comes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this film is in your mobile phones, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographs, you know, if you take a picture at low explanation, it gets very little light.
But we will be a billion times faster than the shortest expression -- so you just get some light.
We won that ball, that package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very intimate civilization, we took those data gigabytes and we trained them completely to create those drugs.
We can take all those data in coal and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a superhero.
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, Robot, enter the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there until the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light regions.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our movie.
Behind the wall there is a mouse and we will rebuild light on the door.
And then the publication of our article in National Nations.
And a small fraction of the photos will return to the camera, but interestingly, at slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our film, has unique capacity.
It has very good temporary resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what it is about what it is.
When you projected a laser, you can record a picture of a brown picture, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like that, dozens of images, we'll get them together and try to analyze the multiple light regions, and with that, can we see the hidden object here?
Could we see in 3D?
This is our revolution.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's going on to the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open sales.
Or we could build executives able to see the inside of the body by holding eyes, and the same for carbons.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so actually this is a question to scientists so that they start to think about physics as a new computer of violence to solve the problems of imagination in health in the next generation.
So as Diana Electronics, he himself was a scientist, converted science in art, an art of free photographs.
I realized that all the data of data that we collected every time is not just for scientific victims, but we can.
Create a new form of computer photography with slow cameras and color code.
And we look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But something funny is happening.
If you look at the waves underneath the tower, these are coming out of us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we are recording almost to the speed of light, we have strange effects -- Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order in which the events are happening in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
By applying the collective definition of space and time, we can correct this discussion.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can throw a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, put it to Solonban and make famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a child in 1984 and living in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back at that time, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were looking for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people who are known to protect a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who on the press have a mobile phone here?
Think about them.
Raise your mobile phone, pick them up."
Think about it. A Bang, a Black, war."
It's a lot. Almost everybody has a mobile phone.
But today to talk about me, my mobile phone, and how to change my life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Data in Brown.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2007, the E.U. Commission presented a disease.
The Department of Department Depression.
This diversity says that every European telephone company, every single Internet protection from all of Europe, has to store a broad range of information of users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to whom, who sent him.
And if we use mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and for two years, in their telephone company or its purpose of the Internet.
And all over Europe, people stood and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this definition of data.
We want the connectivity in the digital age, and we don't want the phone to get the Internet and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10 thousand people coming out to the streets of Berlin, and they said, "Foreign, I don't die."
And some even said this would be the Stage 2000.
The East was the secret police of Germany.
And I also asked myself if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time you use mobile phone.
So I asked my phone, Delhi Texas, who at that time, was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please would send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all white, white.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start a legal demand because I wanted to have this information.
But David Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would break the demand and they send me the information that I did.
Meanwhile, the German Conservation Congo failed the introduction for the German law of the E.U.
So I received this dream on shoot with a CD inside.
And at the CDC there was this.
Three and five thousand pounds of information lines.
When I first saw them, I said, well, it's a huge file, OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical -- what should it do with that?
Because you can see where I'm going to spend the night -- what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data performance means.
So, along with Jimmy Linus and Eve Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin in terms of California, and what frequency I call in the stream.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just me.
But all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call them between them.
And then one call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate between each other, what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to whom, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the Student had known who involved in this protein, and if the Student had known who the leaders were, this would never happen.
The Berlin Wall of Berlin may never have happened.
And in short, not the ear of Heroes Court.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible in and outside the web.
They want to have the chance to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But authenticity and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for automation.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not going out of fashion.
When you go home, give your reflection that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that you get to remember that you have to fight for the advance in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDTalks, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDTalks, what happens?
I call Man Zimbabwe, and I'm not wrong, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, attached to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so it takes all the time.
Look at it.
It's a sentence. I'm like a mixture of Shanghai.
And Muslim Alaska.
The P, C, is not genetics.
It's not Congress or it can focus.
Nobody would take my mother out of my mother and I didn't hire it because my parents were siblings, even though they are.
It only happened by accidents, like the one I happened to the born.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, you've wished to be disabled.
Let's go from spine.
Christmas supermarkets, you're in the shopping center, you drive in circles in search of parking and what you see?
16 empty places for disabilities.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little distribution?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P, C, is just one of them.
If you have an operation, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a paradigm, Muslim, women, disability and live in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Paris Chicago, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same ingredients.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the anymore."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it, bang cancer."
If my three older brothers, I cleaned up.
If my three older brothers went to public school, my parents died to the school system, and they would make sure that I was gone, and if we didn't know all of the notes, we all received my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my talents on his feet and just walking down.
Another technique that I used was to take a dollar in front of me so that I would keep it.
The stress that takes on it was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a robot campaign that has received a lot of balls.
Growing up there was only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs now, and I think nobody realized that we weren't electronics.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think about using "Chicken to Muslims as a campaign lesson.
The people who grew up had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about how much hunger died during the balcony.
And I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I'll help the dawn.
I was born in Brooklyn.
Yes, in Brooklyn. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't pay physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tapes, or I can walk with tapes.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a bone, so if my friends were using cards, I also too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine all the summer, we would become Machia.
And in the summer vacation of my father I was often trying to save up, so I drink chess milk -- I was putting my hot boxes on the back, and I was immersed in the Dead Sea -- and I remember the water loved me and I thought, "Hey, work."
But the military cure was the neocortex.
I have to say it's very boring, but before you do yoga it was a surprise of surprise that I couldn't stand up with you."
And now I can stand on the head.
My parents gave this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the Health General Leonardo.
I went to university through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona.
It was like the market market marriage death.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the note in my classroom, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a school of the crystal root, my teachers would cry.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the U.N. decided to make a work called Barbara very slow in Japan.
It's a work of a girl with brain parallels.
I was a girl with brain parallels.
So I started screaming at the age of four, and I finally have a role.
I have brain parallels."
To the first book."
Thank God audience, at the end I'm a book."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to Saddam Brown ...
I went to interview by running into the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if anybody had killed my cat, asking why and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Dolphin, if I can't do risk stunts -- I can't do the character."
It was a role for which he literally was born and gave it to an act without brain parallels.
The university was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a story of addressing actors without disability for disability paper.
By graduation, I returned home, and my first active tour was like strangers in a television.
My dream was reality.
And I knew it would be absolutely saying "Christinal friend in a sound.
Instead, it was there as a garden -- I didn't see more than the number, and it was evidence for me that repair directors were not continuing attractive, not white, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Washington George, Robert Barbara, Alexandria, and all these women had one thing in common: they were common.
That's why I was honored.
In my first tour, I took famous New York City comics in New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first film that I took when I was going to high speed by the New Jersey attitude with a computer that had brain parallels.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censor and not sleep.
Some people say I'm the first motion of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that you never hear that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my mother of another mother and father, Dean Open, and I launched the New York City Prince Festival -- now in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media and at the same time to remind the repair directors that astronauts and Arabs are not sense.
Understanding Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the challenge of disability of disability of disability to the challenge of disability to the challenge of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went as an inventor to the news program program with Keith Andrew.
I entered as if I went to a graduate dance, they dragged me to a study and sat on a wheelchair.
I looked at the principal, and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another side?
She looked at me and said, "Oh, four, three, three.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the sky, and when I finished the interview, it was present.
And I finally had my opportunity and depression. I knew they wouldn't invest me.
But not only Mr. Andrew came back to invite, but it was as a full time in full time and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in director with Keith Obama was that people on the Internet are school.
The children are critically, but they never get rid of me and girls or more.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became an object of broadcast.
I see clips online with comments like, "Why did you end up?
"Is it represented?
And my favorite, "Protected terrorism moral.
What do you have?
We should really love for it."
A comment suggests even to add my disability to my culture: genomes, common, parallel.
Distribution is as visual as race.
If anybody in the wheelchair can't do Beijing, then Beck can't make anybody in chairs.
The disabilities are the sandwich. Yes, apply, man. Come on.
The disabilities are the largest minority in the world, and the most submitted in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I won't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Perhaps if there were more positive images, that would fund less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey travel has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet flag by the director of the Soviet Leonese Lines and the Carlood Arabia.
I came to act in a film with Adam Sandinian and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Matters.
And I remember the world saying, "The Arabs have become little lights."
I was detected in representation of the great state of New Jersey at the University of 2004.
And I founded "The kids of Manhattan: a charity organization to give kids recorded a picture of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live live, and I devote this talk to her memory.
(Clicks up in peace, book."
I call Mars Zimbabwe, and if I can, you can also can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small village in South America.
This village is near Mexico.
The signal drives the small village to poverty and the brink of ignorance.
No anything for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Michael capital capital capital.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities -- there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city to the outskirts of Mexico.
After maybe a year, nothing.
A day is about a sign that offers him to take it up, after dinner, sell up.
I know a group of people, which gives him a design.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, his family.
They present a young girl.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a living.
A beautiful day in Michael under a blue sky -- stars a bomb.
That child from that little village with the dreams of the great cholera was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Stanford, a terrorist terrorist organization with the Qaeda.
So how about the story of a little boy in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him imagine?
He was waiting.
I was expecting an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that I came in.
This was the first thing that we call "the world's period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of the markets, young urban urban urban urban consumers in Johnson, destroyed riots in London, which look for something beyond the world's period."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of city is the opportunity of work, of work, of well-being, but young men don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffer from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people who live in cities are less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of waiting "per way, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the paleons, to be the story of the cities.
And in my hometown city, Michael 70 percent of young people are depressed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mexico last month, and I went to visit the Machine Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being before that hospital addicted to battles thinking, and if I would never have left?
What if I was forced to be in that same sense of waiting in that same sense?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Madison that month was actually to lift a few juvenile leaders in a corporate camera.
It was about 90 standard juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to great challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Andrew.
He went to the University of Mexico, gradually gradually.
There was no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because it was a free college college, desperately, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recorded.
They were looking at people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mexico, the biggest obstacle to get from the point A to B are the streets.
Vietnamed years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
They looked at an opportunity and the pressure.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started by adding motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 goals, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of mice over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this story different?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit -- and I believe that corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against the period of hope.
It feeds young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking at so desperately desperate.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings. Molecule Mola, a philosopher, a philosopher.
I was helping train some of the young people in the comfort of corporate initiative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative income.
In fact, it is the first fluid that Microsoft has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mozart arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding.
If you ask someone, "When was the last time you saw free flowers that you saw from it?"
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So, Mouaz saw an opportunity.
It started a company of paradigm and factory design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mexico, and he started to grow the stars and literats, which he said, would be able to survive the head of Mexico climate.
And I started the flower of flowers for bottles, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies -- and now he's working in the creation of the first public park park in 25 years.
There are no public parks in Mexico.
It wants to create a space where families -- young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the pressure routes.
By the way, he doesn't grow rocks because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mozart had a really profound impact in young people.
They've never thought about starting a business.
They've thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, actually had a strong impact about them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that might be risky of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the greatest challenges that we face.
They send corporate solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and creating a computer spirit culture is really a great step, but young people need capital to make their ideas really true.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put into their business.
They connect young people with the resources they need, steal the support they need to move from consciousness to creation, and create categories for urban growth.
For me, corporate spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mozart is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Their Park Park is how I call it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
They were eating children out of the street to help us rent and keep the monkeys for him.
I gave them the opportunity to escape from the paradox of waiting person."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in entrepreneurs, they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of the Peace than cars and "performances of hope.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Australian Mountains -- an area north north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The frozen forest.
The sun made the leaves to shine like a video, and not to be the path that we had, almost we can pretend that we were the first human beings to stop that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a coral in a list with a beautiful Christian lake when I discovered something horrible at all.
Behind the coral there was a trash -- about four feet a square meter with sleep heart heads with yellow paper balls, and old candy.
And I was analyzed, I was very angry.
The comics that were too lazy as to take what they had done, who thought was going to clean their sauce?
That question kept with me, and it served a little bit.
Who clean our sauce?
No matter as an organization or where we continue our own, who clean our trash in Stanford?
Who clean our trash in Rio, or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash -- about 11,000 tons of lawyers and two tons of regular products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel like to use the uniform and take that car?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interface.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage record.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive them.
And I operated the mechanical beetles and bars the snow.
It was a private nervous and amazing learning.
Everyone asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as primitive as you believe, and in the days that it is very strong you are very quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked in it for several years, and their bodies kept pointing up to the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Laboratory State Officers, the restoration of waste is one of the ten most dangerous occupation, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and pass around you.
They just want to happen, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for work.
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall out of the truck and provide terrible damage.
I also learned about the inspiration of garbage.
When you get out of the moon, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
I never stopped coming back.
It's also like a form of breathing or circumation.
It should always be moving.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I believe that waste records are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health proteins.
If you don't get rid of the laboratories in efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to deliberate your condoms and your inherent dangers are threatening us in very real ways.
Diseases that we had contributed for decades and centuries come back to struggle and start to sleep.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the economy engines start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just signal its relationship.
And then there's what I call our daily average speed.
I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about us, we don't breathe, we clean or we take our coffee cup -- our barriers of the mouse, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will fall out of it.
So today I want to suggest you a couple ways of thinking about the reward of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and understand it in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their job, I think, is almost literally.
They're in the street every day, in a regular way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you will.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves from ourselves from our own waste, our deaths, our deaths, and that flow always must keep on one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the graph of a recovering truck truck on the street, and I went back to my little son, and he took the stairs running up, and there was a man doing his paper radio transition as I did all the microbes.
And I tried to thank you for doing his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just associated, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be okay.
Shortly after that, I started researching the resistance of waste and I went back to see that man.
It's called Paul, and we worked together a lot of times, and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul had right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to regain the way we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost in the labor hand.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage -- represent three percent of the number of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one who sees someone whose work is to clean the trash of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final piece of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Adam Anderson.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out of cool."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to solve.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to employ a lot of energy because the review with crystals generates heat on the gut, so you need a lot of failure.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the year.
And third, his aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Electrology.
It's a piece to take a place out of such rich place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captured with the ancient market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day at little virtues.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a computer computer, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by looking at the site, which is located in a very growth area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we see in the picture, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, by looking at all the inputs of the building.
And this spreads with an unexpected air that creates a space to the free air in the building that are adversely, in its own way, the sun and the rain itself.
And around this space we've applied the idea of market with small businesses that change in each floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do I close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I was able to think about a sort of tissue to a control capture with prisoners to allow the air into the air, and also the light, but in a finite way.
And then we inspired in these beautiful buttons of the Redwood secrets.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the favorite.
We're building that with these little president pieces that are the windows that let the air and light in a controlled way to the inside of the building.
This is completely completed with these little creatures of color that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a mall.
But in definition we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the shopping center because at the end of the story, there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the failure was much more economic -- not only because of the material in comparison with glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy self-assembly for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a great advantage of advanced advantage of pictures on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about ceiling as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these properties on the roof, which are in the aggregate, pick water for the songs of the inside.
It's expected for the next year, since we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master master of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest than I have designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to its environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with dozens of access doors connected by almost recent lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 similar initial blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we selected some statistical dots in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this moves the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best adventure for an apartment in the medicinal climate climate climate climate?
And it's normal, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we supported a scheme that suggests that most apartments are perfectly executed in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of European block and Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians for them.
And it also responds to local norms that estimate a greater density in the upper levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like returning the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go out and software, and make activities like running a couple of miles a morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look for architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between community and environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable.
It had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little bit of pieces, cute. It was super strong for the states of states, very good for origami.
I ended up that year, and I was full of characters, until I brought my sentence out.
And one day I stayed a time after the school. I was a little afternoon, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was delicious, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took my teacher out of my teacher of the capsules of my teacher.
And then I did.
Take the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just a few.
All of that.  And I went back to the book to the bird, but to see some of my other classmates, they had very good notes as well.
So in a front, I run the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the pictures of God and myself a picture of this, just for being there.
I'm still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that everything was completely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I was missing the reason why I was bothered that this girl -- so small, it was so good for origami.
I was interested in the characters.
They're so mysterious and so penguins.
We know babies suffer from choices.
Also, the primates. The red birds are very precise.
We know that links are the number one cause of collections in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that rings the loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
And so you have to go to fiction because the novel is like the lab that the links are in all their own ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no clients, I would have no literature.
It would not be Henry the infinite -- there would be "Network."
It would not have been a choice -- no thousand and a night.
There was no Shanghai.
The list of reading lists of high school school, because we would be losing "The Red and the Foundation: there would be no "Gabby or Frees." We would lose "Melting Berlin and "Blanc Kill."
Without choices, there are no Princeton. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of choices, almost it has all of them.
This year, 100 years of his masterpiece, "The "matter of life like, "The most expressive study of sexual injuries and also from ordinary competition, I think, everything we could have.  And thinking about Prison, we have the meaningful details -- right?
We think a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a female magic in you of launch.
We forgot how hard that image is.
We forgot what it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia William said were as painful as cat trick.
I don't know what the cat trick, but we assume it's overcome.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the colors, the links and the Prison.
Will it be very obvious as the lights that are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their impacts, are a good narrative base.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel light.
When we feel lights, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It will be at the same time and the audience, we know exactly what details will include to channel the knife, right?
The links make all of the strengthened neighbors, and that's something that Program understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give another one, maybe right now.
And he starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every yellow love that Sweden detects in his lover -- he adds it into his collaboration of the transport instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sony and Programming, and they were notoriously choice.
You know, the Fibonacci networks would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so useful to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The links are a self-death.
It's a humble emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the clothing like?
The links are nutritive from information.
The links use details.
The lights like the big amounts of hair and the cute and small stage of pictures.
The links are nuclear from photos.
That's why Internet is so successful --  Programmer is very successful.
When Sony is in his closed closed, it suddenly hears behind doors and bribe to the secrets of his lover -- then it determines those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is relevant, but it's not different than the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a monkey."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Proust is trying to show that the cells are interconnected and they make us look awardly, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth, in fact, to what Program will become, the better the truth is better.
The pain, the hypothesis, the prediction: These were the pathways to the wisdom of Princeton.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer -- it makes us a manager of feelings much more profound and vital than a wise man who can be interested.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for critically cool?
No, I think it's trying to say that the links are giving us to ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion that reveals us our advantage, our ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at so positively?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was raped by a very unusual young man who was consumed with the idea that his woman would get it.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, which was not focused on what his wife.
So she was income, everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under supermarket without any cause.
But he looked for things that he was doing his wife, without realizing income, innovative behaviors.
So sound too much, or does it accidentally run with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the combination of his wife.
The novel is very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the links get us to look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more interesting we are, the more we become residents of failure.
And for this reason, I think, the links lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The links are forcing us to behave in completely invasive ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in news.
An 50 year-old woman was captured by having created a false account in Facebook since you send eye messages -- horrible to itself, for a year.
For a year. A year.
She was trying to engage the new novel of his noise note -- I have to confess that when or this, they react with addiction.
Because, we are realistic.
How big, even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Paper Higgs.
High is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The "Starting in a Tree and "The Seattle Mr. Richard, books that are about how choices, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, at the kingdom of the chairs, the membrane that separates what might be, can be perfect in an instant.
Take Tom Richard, his most famous character.
Tom Richard is going to want or want what you have to get away from your self to be and get rid of what you ever had, and it's under the floor, responds to your name, takes your rings away, empty your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the rate of Tom Richard.
I can't give you all the world, as well as I sometimes want.
It's a pity, because we live in the time of aging.
We live in time times.
I mean, are we good citizens of social networks, where the coin is the sense of the sense of the sense? Right?
Do you show us the room? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not sure, when they are a mystery.
Let's go to 1949 Street and ask by Shakespeare Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, I think about manufacturing manufacturing at the Mountain Protected, that criminal genius.
But I've always wondered "The Leader Leader, the chief head of San Harry rate that needs Hollywood desperately, needs the Gene genius -- but it bothers it.
Oh, I'm so familiar with me.
Lesterland needs its help, but the residents, and broadcast with harmony in each of the mystery.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Second Nations Andy, once Hollywood enters all of them -- Lesterland goes back to Hollywood and says, "We are not ready, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person in Seattle Arabic that I wouldn't want to throw my hand.
It's one of the few times we see Hollywood translated in history. It seems to me very excited. That scene is also mystery, right?
It seems to treat the links like a geometry problem, no emotion.
You know, in a Hudson minute, it's the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute is on the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland allows you to admire that idea of being him the performance.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the links are really a subject of geometry, just a question of where we can be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to resist from the excellence of the other.
We can stick with her.
But I like pancreatic plans.
So as we hope that that happens, we remember that we have the fiction to tell them.
Just the fiction demonstrates the choices.
The fiction used to be the movements, invite them to the table.
And look at what it is that it has to do: the Delhi Dalla, the Leonardo Table Richard, the San Laman Programmer Prototype.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Albert came out of the sea of Apollo 11 and discovered about the Sargasso Sea.
Armstrong and Alexandria were alone, but their presence in the upper gray gray was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in peace time in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars a day today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400 people and asked the 200-pound collaboration, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo One.
But before the Apollo Program fires, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doaa walked on their surface, which Albert after the death death last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't have a lot of coming back, 380 pounds of old rocks -- and something that 24 percent of a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The clinical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the other words of Kenya, at the University of Rio in 1969, give us a better idea.
John Frank, Kenya, some questions, why the moon.
Why would we turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why is the highest mountain scale?
Three years ago, why would I fly about Alzheimer's Alexandria?
Why do I play Rick against Texas?
Let's choose to go to the moon.
Let's choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Poetry: For competitions, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to make the force of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to be able to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trees.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police was eradicated and elected the smallpox.
The technology seemed to be what Alvin Tasmanian in 1970 called the account of advanced force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a bar with candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10 voted 40 miles a hour.
Since 1970, no human being turned to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than the transition of Apollo 10, and the optimistic joy about the power of technology has been evolved by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population, seem to have increased instant.
I remember seeing the apple of the Apollo 17 percent.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that they don't look at the call San Vietnam.
I knew that this would be the last moon, but I was completely sure that I was going to see the colonies in Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologies were distributed to us and had been trained with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated window.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enrich our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a Palestinian explanation in Silicon Valley, which trust that they have been created less ambitious companies than those of the years were funded in, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are collaborations, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer companies.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment causes the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of innocent problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is enough enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were in their red point without worrying about risk, they prefer little investments, microbial investors that they could go out in 10 years.
The Chris, they've always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need an enormous capital and whose development is at the long term. They haven't invested in developing technologies in development to solve large problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deeper as possible.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we will.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars requires a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption produces renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biology, less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic reason.
The coal and the natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than biological.
We want to do alternative energy sources that can compete in price, don't exist.
Now, the technologists, the entrepreneurs and the economists agree about what politicians and international deals are going to include the development of an alternative energy, mostly a meaningful increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the carbon price.
But there is no hope in the political climate climate that we will see an energy policy in America or international treaties that represent that conversation.
Sometimes the big problems that seemed to be technologies, it turns out not to be.
We know for time that females are result of failure in food repair in food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that females are political creatures that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like the stores or the systems for the storage and representation of food, but there are females while there are bad government.
Finally, the big problems sometimes choose a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nicoral will give the war into 1979, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible residents to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements are going to be pressure: political leaders and population should want to solve the problem, the institutions should support solution, it should really be about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, which is combined with those crises.
But it's a model in the future.
We're not in 1969.
There is no gay competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who is difficult and dangerous -- and there's no popular mythology of fiction science like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't love challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start to remind you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become climate of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recovery, there's been a great decrease of trust, it's a very general belief of trust.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is one task, we should recover trust.
I think the recovery, the goal and the task have been interested.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, an objective and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the issue.
First of all, why do people think trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge to think that it may have been involved in some activities or institutions and that could have increased others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can recognize opinion polls and opinion polls are absolutely the source of the belief that trust has disappeared.
When you look at opinion polls over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who spend 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same disability.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago continue to be pretty confident, Jews -- serious.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway a half.
But is this evidence enough?
What opinion polls are recorded are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people are asking when they ask certain questions.
Does it trust politicians? Trust the shows?
Now, if someone asks you, "Do you think about the brain?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary memories?
You probably start to ask, "What do you do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust some of you, but in other no."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to detect trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of office, function or kind of people, is going to be used in all cases.
I could, for example, to say that I trust a certain teacher teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but somehow to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good computer.
I could trust my wildest friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to get a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives, the way trust is different, why are we going through all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure real level of real trust, because they try to open the good judgment in the fact that we can trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about objective attention?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would get.
I will bet to have more trust in what is about trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm glad to not trust what is not trust.
And I think that those people who hate their savings with the very seemingly called Mr. Mark, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confused.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Confidence delivering or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say, yes, yeah, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things: we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they compassion? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that a person is competitive in the positive materials, and it's responsible and honest -- then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in the contrary, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest -- but it wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they are invisible.
I have friends that are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they transcend their own competition.
And I was very glad to say I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competitive and responsible but extremely destined.
If this is that, I still haven't lost.
But that's what we're looking for.
Trust is the answer.
Conflict is what we have to judge with.
And, of course, it's hard.
Over the last few decades, we've tried to build feedback systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, functions and so forth, that made us easier to play their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than attacked the party in themselves."
And we found the same problem in all our public lives, and institutional lives, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trust and control testing, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is to discuss the work of people who have to make difficult tasks, like parts, demand them to kill the chairs, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more conflict, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will transform people that we are confused and if we try to determine whether other people, function or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the judgment -- the simple actions -- the attitudes -- what it doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, it puts things into the back.
It suggests you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust in definition, in definition, is different because we have it other people.
You can't remember what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't get sick, for the general thing, all the time.
But you have also to add some positive evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That makes a daily thing, everywhere, does the common people, the functions, the institutions -- very effective.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my cartoons say I can give them no explanation.
You take them and give me the money, or you change them for the color that I want.
That is great. It starts in them because themselves.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're testing is not very difficult to draw.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have come to eradicate the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of screen in which imagination can be desperately.
This separation has been reducing, increasingly and more, so that today it's less than one millimeter, the video of the glass of a postage screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no bars?
I started imagining what it would be.
First created this tool that is inside the digital space, so that when the strong ants against the screen will transform their physical body to paintings.
The designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool they would break the barriers.
But the two hands remained still out of the screen.
How do you get to the inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of the hand?
In the division of Michael Spaceships of Microsoft, along with my mentor California Bono, I took the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a vertical view with depth cameras to detect fingers and face -- now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get to the inside of the 3D space, and grab paintings directly with the hands.
As windows and artists have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book from a state.
You can rotate the book and solve lines or words with the visual search sensor that there are below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the patterns and make the digital information to us?
Certainly, many of us have bought and delivered things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a mouse device in your head or transport when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this more distant idea, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them and feel it?
What would a future look like?
At the Media Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Islamic and my collaborator Richard Post, we created this only physical picture.
This three-dimensional image is behave as a 3D tag in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was analyzed the gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic legislation, mechanical and detectors action.
And when we program digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physical crimes and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like planets movement, physics, and, unlike monuments or textbooks, this is a real and dangerous experience that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what is most fascinating to change the physics of computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show you something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that is still our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a member for two years in Houston, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transition to a school for athletes with all the Japanese species.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they create strongly that there was just a central path to happiness -- a safe job and a good job.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A singer singer has to start to train from very young to learn the adversary, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
He used to write the school director and the president of a radio program.
But no adults had the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, no authority like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared that during the rest of my life a second class of the second class was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So it turned out to look for another vaccine.
No one to me wanted to teach me? OK.
I remember books.
(Music Companies -- "The Stone Child: "The Nation of New House Comedy came to America in 1998, and what were the first books that I here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese Catholic life.
And it's not controlled protection. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but stranger.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revenue, "Here to your father and your mother."
"Hello, I said, "It's so different, and much better than they will do it."
So it became my tool to get out of this conference of construction and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave my computer recording habit.
I had a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me, because this is what students in China learn.
I had ever occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to fields of research as competitive religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contract, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a issue.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked for research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can deal with people Belt Francisco from Walter Island "Bill Milky Manside that were involved in the same place, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the trends are economic, politics and spaceship.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychological and light, fear and social should, interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Stone Taliban Camera Tasmanian Mars Cameroon Canada in place of losing in translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized in China literally means "Flip meaning, James."
And "Never in China, literally means new mother, Orlean.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and present.
I know it's not going to be alone or impossible.
Having a dead dream really isn't compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that religion is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams come from, where passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a dead dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, that I'm here, happy, living new with purpose and clear, most of the time.
So the books always store them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20, I saw my first village of psychotherapy.
I was a medical student in clinical psychology, in Berkeley, in Berkeley.
She was a 28-year-old woman called Alexander.
Alex came to the first session using viruses and a blue top, and he took in the couch of my office took off the shoes and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so controlled.
My class of class had a sign as a first client.
And I took a shame that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the historic stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy just to move the head while we removed the solution.
"The Earth's new videos, said Alexander, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working afterwards, you have children later, until death goes later.
For veterans like Alex and I had time of supermarket.
But soon after, my survival prepared me to introduce Alex to talk about his loved life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Oh, he's coming out with guys under his category, and it deals with a hole, but it's not like it was to marry it."
And then my survival said, "You know, but maybe you marry the next one.
In addition, the best time to work in Alzheimer's marriage.
This is what psychologists call a moment "Area."
It was when I realized that the 30 are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to, but this did not make 20 percent of Alex in their development.
This made 20 percent of Alex the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negative was a real problem, and it had real consequences not only for Alex and his loved life but for the careers and the families and the viruses of all over the side.
There are 50 million pounds in America today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one comes to adulthood without passing before by the 1990s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the veterans here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with severe, you love a vehicle, you take the dream a vertical, I want to see -- it's fine. Interface, the real ones matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences and "The "The "The "The Story: that give shape to their life to have happened to when you have 30 and so on.
People in more than 40, they don't get in a panic, they don't go into penguin.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future park at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends its second and last phase of growth in its 20s and reproduces for adults, which means that if there's something that wants to change themselves, now is the time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other time of life, and we know that female fertility comes to their table at 27 p.m., and things become complicated at 35 a.m.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where its daily life and common life has a detailed impact in the person who will be built.
But what we don't hear is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the veterans are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists are taking care of the neighbors like "The "Lesters and "The "Pittsburghtened."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berkeley said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think that happens when you give a veterinarian in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart self-seeking, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a career before the 30, it will be good."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are going to end up, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better blame the day I graduated from college.
And then he starts to sound like this: "My quotes during 20 were like the chairs game.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around 30, it took music and they all began to sit in.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be paralyzed, so I sometimes think I married my wife because he was the closest chair when I had 30.
Where are the viruses here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there's a huge pressure to the thirds, and so many of you start a career, pick a city, pick up a wall, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
A lot of these things are not compatible and there are researchers that start to show that it's much harder and stable to do everything at the age of 30.
The child crisis crisis is not about buying red careers.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Darwin tells you you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of the trials and ropes see themselves, and I sat on the room, and they talk about their 22, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the veterans are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emility.
At 25, Emma came to my office because it was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or in entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a teacher.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend that showed more early than animal.
And despite living about 20 very difficult lives, his previous life had been even more difficult.
It was free in our sessions, but then she stood himself to say, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came to put his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I just bought a new book for director, and he had spent all the morning by reading it with their many passwords, but then you were looking at the empty space that followed after the words of emergency -- please call me the short."
I was on the point of history when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a autism accident?
Who is going to tell me if I give me cancer?
At that time, I spent a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a tradition that would actually worry.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decade of Emma was going on.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emily three things that all of us, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For capital capital, I mean to do something that serves value to its person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Colony career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that inside of that company that you want to test.
I'm not documenting the vertical exploration, I'm drawing the exploration that I should not say, by the way, it's not exploring.
It's protecting.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are surprised.
The best friends are excellent to get to the airport, but the veterans that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know, how they think, how they speak and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will go out almost always comes from outside of their closest circle.
The new things come from what they call friendly friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the veterans have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the form of color to this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emity thinks that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a vertical, Emma soon chose her family, when he has a partner and shape his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
You may think that 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live with now, or you take you right now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the avatar is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have, and that means being as intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whom you can choose to you.
So what happened with Emility?
Well, we went back that direction, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That job of work gave him a reason to leave the nerve that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's a special event of events in museums.
This room with a man who chose constantly.
I love his new career, I love his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with verticists.
It's very easy to help them.
The veterans are like airplanes coming out of the Los Angeles airport.
Just before the store, a slight link in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Finland.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even 25, a good conversation, a good designer, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here is my idea of spreading all the veterans you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Atlanta.
It's what I have the privilege of saying to veterans like Emma every day, and the things are not the new 20, reconstructed their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak vehicles, they choose your family.
They don't let them define for what they didn't know.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in general consulting for a job that was even more extraordinary," the diabetes.
I went to teach you mathematics to graduate sex students in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the job came back, I calculated the grades.
What called me the attention was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best students.
Some of the ones who had a better performance had no condoms of CO2 strategies.
Some of my smartest children were not getting so good.
And that helped me think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in sixth grade services, safe, distributed, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and it was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for enough time.
After several years of dialogue, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better ways.
It's the CO2, but what if having success in school and life depends on much more than ability to learn in fast and easy way?
So I quit the classrooms and went to university to become psychology.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of sports stages, and in every study, my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Royal Project Project.
We try to predict what people would stay in military training and who will be reduced.
We went to the National National Council and tried to predict what children would open the most possible thing in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of school and those who will be the most effective to improve the outcomes of learning from their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, what about these marketers are going to maintain their labor point?
And who is going to earn more money?
In all of these very different contexts. It arose a characteristic as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and it wasn't the C.
It was detection.
Detector is passion and perspective to reach very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to reach their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to do that future a reality.
Democracy is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career to all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in the public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students who were doing my detection talks, and then I waited about more than a year to see who they graduate.
It turns out that the children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate -- even when I bought them in every trait that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Power or at the National Council of Detroit in which determining democracy. It's also in school, especially for children in risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is the little thing we know, the little thing that science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the detection in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid ethic work of work?
How do I keep them motivation for the long party?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give them determining.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals who simply don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determination is not related or it's even related to the measurements.
So far, the best idea I've ever heard about developing determination in children is something called "menuite of growth."
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carnegie Delhi, and it's the belief that ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dianasta has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't believe that failure is a permanent condition.
So the mindset of growth is a great idea to develop decline.
But we need more.
And that's where I end up my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have underneath.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intentions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, and they will be willing to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a circle, one of my most advanced memories is my mother showing beauty and form and lack of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an extension, it seems to be as unpredictable as the Great China.
In the last few years, I've been asking myself if I can throw this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this language language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new new method of learning China could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every character in right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic adaptation.
The first 200 of them will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read traffic signals, restaurant messages to understand the basic idea of website or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are they ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give you a ride.
person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms in both sides -- as if I was growing in a cold, "American way, "I'm worse." This symbol actually is original in the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree.
tree, tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple of doors.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks, so they believe many more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's forging."
As the ancient one said, two are company, three are multinational.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying "I was like this.
The person within the mouth, the person is attracted.
It's a prisoner -- like Jones within the whale.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
They put a table under the tree, we have the contacts.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a distribution."  Easy recordered, because a parallel tree is pretty delicious.
Remember the fire.
Two fires together, it gets very hot.
Three fire. That's a lot of call.
They put the fire under the two trees, that's white.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two sounds together, pressure.
Three together, those are skin.
They put the sun and the moon back together, that's the basic.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
A door, put a table inside the door, is the card of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Was there anybody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, scared, employed.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care is adult.
So we've already gone through almost 30 characters.
When you use this method -- the first eight radical eyes will allow you to build 32 percent.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple hundreds of characters.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating cold.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun along the origin -- we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains associated with each other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese entrepreneurs would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become saving.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a room.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and leaving the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer about being Dad is the movies that I can see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the ozone of Oz together.
The film mastered its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glass, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand off.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and we created our children in a kind of industrial complex specialist specialist.
But the head of Oz was an event in itself.
I didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a couple years later with a few years later, clearly, another film whose prototypes, a metal kid and a Palestinian kid rescued a young girl as a guard of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yes.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there are a couple of great differences between the ocean of Oz and all the films that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the ozone of Oz Olympic.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the stones.
But I think that if the ocean of Oz is done today, the magician would say, "Down, you are the Opera salary as the printer predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the army generated by the marketing of the banking battery.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing in the ocean of Oz is that the most heroic characters -- wise and even viruses are women.
I started noticing this when I was watching Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a child.
Three years old.
It wasn't invited to prison because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the level of supermarket had gone down.  So he stood on the room and she was printed as a mom standing with his legs behind, and I don't think he would understand what was going on, but regardless of everything.
I wonder what it looks like.
Would you be issues of value, shame and legal?
Would it have the feeling that Louis is one military to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the October of October 1979.
How do you win Delhi your film?
By doing good microbes with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world where I want my children to grow eight, right? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much force capital F. force in the movies for our children, and so little about the path of yellow light?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in girls, and they should read. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how children react to this study.
I know for experience that the High Line, I didn't propose the proper framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults which is mile.  I believe that at the time of the first baby, I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has done, I have no neighborhood.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on detecting the violin and getting their reward, and they don't leave for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit of war.
There are a lot of exceptions, and it will lead to Disney principles to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they are, the kids are not really their target public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the painting, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real as Henry and Kansas, but they don't stop being a war movie.
Of course, the most successful topic of all time continues to appear in classical after classical after classical -- each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who make a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out Valentine.
I remember it all you. It's already available in stores.
Do you remember what the criticism said when I came out of Valentine?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a promise.
It's very good. Don't let that determine them."
Well, almost none of these movies happened the Beijing test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't been risk and already protected, but maybe we will start a movement.
Allison Beijing is a comic diagram, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of mine about the evolution of the films that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you need to do: in the movie, there is more than a female character that has lines on it.
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other.
Their conversations are about something more beyond the boy who like so much like that.  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things with each other.
I have seen it, and yet very closely I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good movie film, Order.
Right? Robots of Carolina, successful talk, an idea of what is a hyper-contempore movie.
Prisoned, not the proof of Beijing.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an ambulance where men and women are hiding during the crisis of the region.
We have a lot of signs of men who have deep and painful conversations in this school, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to get a look at the door and say, "Come to bed, honey.
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular movies, how many of them think they have female prototypes?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's okay.
But there's a bigger number than this one who's going to do this room.
Last year, the New York Times published a study that government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women say it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't believe that music videos or pornography are closely linked -- but a bad thing -- and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual adventures.
Who are those things? What are those things? What are those things?
What do you can't learn?
You're looking at the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the video with violence and then cover the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about it.
Are we adding that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a poverty, and we hope that that help, but I have to ask you, provide poverty is going to protect them if, at the same time, active or specifically, are we educating our children to maintain their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of men.
The definition of malaria is radically changing.
You'll have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the attack.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of Star Wars did know what he responded to?
Wikipedia.
William Kenya and Gulf.
What do you have in common these two?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant bias.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like those kinds of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which my child, and I see and struggle only and more stories where his job is to unite a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people improve and be better people, like the ozone magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I was like was looking for sea cookies. Because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these continents.
They're covered out of sand, and it's hard to see them.
Yet over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me tell them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying electricity, I realized that I saw my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Manhattan had grown up to one of almost 100,000 miles of longevity next to the neighborhood.
And my sea cookies.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrastructure.
This is a place in the eastern detail of Egypt called Benkin.
And the place, at the naked view, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and we process it by using false color, the place looks like a brilliant robot.
What you're looking at are the real chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptian people.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an old England, called India, lost for thousands of years.
Einstein was the capital of the ancient Egypt for more than 400 years in a period of time called the Middle empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great performance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that English was located somewhere near the paintings of the two kings that they built them, installed within the red circles here, but somewhere within this enormous seal plane.
This area is huge. It's about five miles per pound.
Before, the night graduate right next to the side of the Earth, and as it changed over time, it goes to this and covered all the city.
So how do you find a city selected in an extinct landscape?
Trying to find it in the sugar would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a paradigm, with the eyes sold and using baseball guards.
So, we use NASA sophisticated data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nike graduates.
But you can see more deliberately, and it's even more interesting, this area slightly elevated that you see within the circle here, that we think could be the continuity of English.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show work, you can see here.
When I say show you, it's like sample shows in ice, but instead of climate change, we find layers of human cooperation.
Five feet below a thick layer of it, we found a dense layer of crime objects.
This means that in this possible location of Aristotle, five feet downstream -- we have a collection layer of a number of years that give from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is English.
We also found oil jobs, color, cut and cat, which shows there was a jewelry workshop there.
This might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the middle of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that comes from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Earth here, but let's go back to the place in a close future to locate it.
And even more important, we have the resources to contribute young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to conclude with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in English 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of all vaccines.
There's nothing like that on land.
So it looks like, TED wasn't founded in 1984, C.
It made ideas really happen in 1984 to C. C. in a city lost not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine continents in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that's done.
Now you visualize a group of oblivion objects in bicycle.
They're competing in a regular career of bicycles and they go in direction to their door.
I need to see this really true.
They're losing strong, they're supposed, they are getting a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that go on to their side, rays from the wheels that end up in abstract places, show the door threshold.
The vehicle, the parallel, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of the light, the light based on the Gulf of Galileon.
It's holding them with the hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that I talk.
You can feel your blue hair by making them stored in the nose.
You can smell the carbon ball and steps that are about to get in the mouth.
They go through one side and enter their living room.
And already in the room, and doing a lot of the imagination of his imagination, imagine Britney September.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing "Hello Montage Montana Montage Montage."
Now look at cooking.
The soil has been recorded with a truck of yellow lights and from the oven coming to you Delhi, the Man of Haiti, the Stanford and the Life of Middle Magic, they get out of the hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Mexico.
I was going to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting -- I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different liver habits.
Hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of tens and dozens of strangers of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
Compare to see who could actually memorize the order of a battery bar.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Colony who had come from England and has one of the best entrepreneurs interested.
I said, "Hey, when did you realize you were a knowledge?
Ed said, "I'm not a knowledge.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everyone who's involved from this competition says they have normal memory.
"We have trained to do these miracle acts of memory using a few ancient techniques, invented 250 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that we used Congo to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have heard of this before?
We were standing outside the competition room of competition, and Einstein, who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- although a little extraordinary, he said, "John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney September?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Britney September how to memorize the order in a live nations of life, in national TV.
That would prove the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney September, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start for something isn't it?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year not just training my memory, but also instantly, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what it can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called Ed.
He's a temporary, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's impressive.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how point our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this guy.
This is Kim Peter. In he was based on the Dalla Hollywood paper in the movie Robot Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, by looking at phone guards, was cent.
And by coming back, a number of treatments about writing memory does something more than 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Amazon and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having an integrated memory, discipline and culture wasn't such a rare thing as you can look at today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in delivering their minds.
These techniques have done possible our modern world, but they've also changed.
They have changed us culture, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost don't need to remember, sometimes it seems that we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of an integrated memory, discipline and culture is this complicated competition of memory.
It's actually not so similar, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the London College University invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structure or differently different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they bought them.
When they put them into a magnetic MRI machine, they scan their brains as they were memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow colors, found that in memory champions they lit parts of the brain, different than others.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and natural memory.
Why? There's something we could learn from this?
The rest of competitive memory is motivated as an armed career where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben President, three times of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 seasons of destructive nations that he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and that he just mastered him.
He uses a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 444 digital binary diagnostics.
It is. Yeah.
And as there is a huge amount of ways to remember things in these competence -- absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end of one concept that psychologists call the local definition.
It illustrates with a paradox paradigm known as the Parkinson's Parkinson: (Audience: "I tell two people who remember the same word, I tell you, "You remember there's a man named Barbie."
That's his store.
And then I asked them, "You remember there's a ball."
And when I go back later, and I ask you, "Do you remember that word that I told you a risk?
"You remember what it was?
The person who said his name is Barbiubbe is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who told her work is bank."
Same word, different capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the National name doesn't actually mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "Barry." We know paradigms.
They use white shadows.
They have hybrid in the hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some parallel.
And when we were looking at that word for the first time, we started putting associations in the first time to feed them almost at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 250 years ago in the ancient graph.
It's known as the "monthlest" "globe."
The story says, there was a poet called Symphone that killed a bank.
They had hired it as a entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it wasn't a DNA, you hired a poem.
He stood out of foot. He got his memory poem, and he was stopped, and so soon it was, the sand of the bank collapsed.
Give them all.
But not only killed them all, but it destroys bodies by giving them reserved.
Nobody could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't understand the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Simple, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the labs, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where every invention had been sitting in.
I took the family family in the hands and putting them into where their beings were loved between the rubble.
What Symphone agreed at that moment is something that we all know more or less intelligent, and it is that without matter if we're not good to remember names or numbers of phone or instructions for word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional memory.
If I ask you to remember the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about symbioes, it's very likely to do it very difficult to do it.
But I would bet if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse paralyzed brown in their lobby, they would be able to get it to it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy you want to remember, the more little little limb, the more uncomfortable the image, the more numb it is.
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years, to the first masterpieces of memory, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, at all.
And how does it work?
So let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give you a talk and you want to do it from memory, in the same way you had done it Congolese if you had invented it to TEDGlobal about 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're at the door of your house.
And to imagine some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and insecure image to help us remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely insecure competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you see the Gulf of the Galapagos Mountain on Mission Einstein.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce their friend Ed Colony.
And then you would see Britney September to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to say.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word by words, which is going to confuse it, but typical for typical.
In fact, the term terms of the grandmother is coming from the grandmother ground, which means "light."
It's a vehicle of when people thought about the tradition and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "for first place, would be like the first place in his memory board.
I saw that this was just fascinating -- and I got in love with that.
I went to some of these memory competition and had the idea of writing something wrong about this substance of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a parallel police event.
In fact, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting out taking tests, I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is marriaged the face.
I'm a journalist, and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was to tell this story, I needed to try and put it in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before sitting to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school submarine bought in a pile market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would have expected it to be.
It was intense, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's actually about doing is better more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, complex images, continuity, insects, advanced and intellectual images, in the eye of mind.
I was pretty close to this.
This is me, using my team standard for memory competition.
It's a couple of shorts and a few security glasses with tape leaving only two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could income, in a kind of particular perceptual experiment.
I thought this could serve a good joy for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And they won me the conference, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's cute to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and shopping lists -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just just traditions.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build the memory patterns or memorize nations of nations, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be an innocent gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are wrong.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we get deep.
The member of memory, these memory techniques, are just attacks.
In fact, they're not even real attacks.
They work because they make us work.
They make a kind of deep processing, a whole kind of attention.
But the reality is that there are no advances.
That's how things make memories.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, it's what Ed, the antibiotic that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what already is our short existence in the Blacks or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks around our side, are we going to be so horrible that we don't even bother to process in problem?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory abilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person I remember to remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject, so we're going to learn just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from Nine, JE: I was six years old, and I lived there at home of my parents in a village called Leadership, and this was my kid.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom that shared with my sister.
And, between my dorm and bathroom, there was a gift that gave the room to be.
And there they all spent the point looking at the TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me, and every time I went back and went back into a table, all of me see me.
And I was like this.
It was stored, insecure and hated it.
I hate that record, hated that battle, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
List.
Those feelings -- those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, not from division of areas, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections that we feel in the places we occupy in the places.
And it's not to extract that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
So, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you do -- you think of "power," "study and democracy.
And I know that they think about it as a building in a building built 250 years ago.
This is a trick.
It's a destruction that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a very, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, front of the sea, removed from the elements.
This is very, very useful. Because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes long time and it's very complicated.
People who build and urban and governments, always have fear to innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
That's why we find buildings like this.
It's a beautiful building.
It's the Public Library of Pennsylvania that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- red light line, which let you figure out what Leviathan tries to communicate with this building, the children, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use communication media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of the buildings, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works in the beginning of the purpose.
On one side is innovation, architects that are constantly pushing new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life.
We display, we push and we push so much, that we are completely from people.
All of the black, this makes us deal, you believe that we feel very good, but we're dead, because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and connect with those advanced symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like translators. So we started experimenting again, we do scale the power back forward, over and over again, so we've done it in the last 300 years, and it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we saved the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the collection called "framework."
It has to do with concrete.
That can be advertisingly.
Small windows in scale.
Something really hard.
So, we went back to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the power back into the other direction.
We take those forms that we know that we want to do that and we do.
We add together and add cake and use new materials.
I love them.
We don't give up.
We take antibiotics Chicago and turn them into satellites, which can be mass care matters made of glass.
The forms were adding, they won in audacity and color.
The trips became columns themselves.
The students grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the 1980s, that was great.
We all spent the risk in commercial centers, we move into the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those false guys could be to medicine, the French, or to the church.
Probably with a stick of bread.
This is what happens with police.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we get memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the towel.
This is Oka.
The architects are frustrated and we started making the power of new in the other direction.
In the '80s and in the early '80s, we started experimenting with the so-called designer.
We discovered historical symbols now, now we count with new design techniques of design -- and we find new behaviors, a few ways that are stars against other ways.
This is academic and embryonic, and it is super supernova. You get totally excited.
Normally, the stranger of new in the opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Biologist of Billion, from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul German said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when criticism, academics and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times Cambridge captured this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao was increasing in 250 percent when the building came in.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, September, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, September.
Everyone wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architecture.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media are going around them, and quickly we learned that those shapes mean culture and translators.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same things that were done in the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and translators.
This phenomenon of beginning from the new military happened with other star architects.
I happened to Bageye and Libby, and what happened with these little elite architects at the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all architecture, digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think for example, for example, how architecture is.
A thousand years ago, you'd have to walk up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is adapted, you can take a boat, an airplane, can be translators.
The accelerating technology. You can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we are all architecture photographs, and the building becomes beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings before knowing that I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The bubble was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they had them.
That is never going to happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture from the invention of the comet, the steel or the elevator -- and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the prototype to the media, it starts to scale more and faster, until you get to be in both extremes almost simultaneously, and it spreads effectively the difference between innovation and symbols between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to support this building that was invented.
This is the center of a village called Pierressmen in the state of New York.
It's a stock community.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly at the finished product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community, that first summer, when people began to get and share them in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media medium, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes corruption with collective memory, and when you reach these symbols -- we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those Library library.
If that building is built today, we first went online in search of new biologists."
We would be bombarded with examples of experience, of innovation, about what it can be a library.
That's museums.
Money that can lead to the mayor of Leader, to people in Leader, and tell them that there is no unique response to what can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing it.
Everything is different now.
architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings and one is no longer a devastating audience that doesn't accept before.
architects can listen, and you don't let the architecture.
That means that the equivalent of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find proper solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of September, can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a student in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical illustration of red brick with ideas of what it should be a stadium.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the forms that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are marketed to the categories of nature and not to control.
This means that a parking outbreak in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for the metal, or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with nature in the New York City, and it will reveal half a million dollars from the community community in the bottom of that cause, no longer a single customer anymore.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little round of red red, as muscle and fibers like the animals that are going to be seen.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, more intelligent and more yellow.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not in opposite side.
They find an architect and control and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they give shape to the smallest spaces, the local library, the homes where we shape our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children in a year, by sharing, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loved his reflection.
It goes back and forth, and it gives himself those big and wet babies.
It's beautiful.
Luckily, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and I was thinking, when did this happen?
How is it that we're suddenly not comfortable with our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like.
Every month, 10,000 people looking at Google, "Am I fast?
This is Feynman, she's 13 years old and live in Dennet.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and fighting.
It's dominated at night.
It's been preparing for the next week in school.
It has a bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the risk that's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells you and what your friends, or school members say, don't know who to believe.
So he does a video of her, I published it in YouTube, and he asked others to please give a comment and I'm nice, or am I fast?
Well, so far, Facebook has received more than 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so distributed, that I don't even deserve the weight to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current. That gets these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, in their greatest teenage girls trying to communicate in this way.
But what's going to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, show, saying "I like you, eating, sharing, publishing, this never ends.
Never before we have been so connected -- in a continuous way, an instant way, so young ways.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in his room all night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are involved.
This environment, of being always connected, is advising our children to be based on the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really difficult to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally distributed.
What is the most detailed thing in somebody's life to what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are pressured from the news of the girls now.
Zero models continue to dominate our parallels.
The engineering technique is now a routine now.
And trends like and the sandwich, the pathologist, the library and the pressure.
For those who know it, it means original means.
These trends are associated with women in today's popular culture.
It's not hard to see what young young people.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the superheroes of the sports and the stone streets.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we surely want our children to grow healthy and be individual individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other species start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see enough enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They're fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as controllers to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the chains of class. They avoid to participate in the classroom, because they don't want to call the attention for their physical act.
One in five are not advising classes at all.
And in the season of existence, if you don't think you can see enough enough, especially if you don't believe you are dense enough, you will get a better note to the average of your classmates who are not worried about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has generated in Finland and America and China.
And it is regardless of what these young young people.
So, so that it is right, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on his body is making the academic performance.
And it's also delivering health.
The teenagers with little autism make less physical activity, they eat less fruit and vegetation -- they participate in more diet distants than they can bring to a food mess.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them and are in greater risk of depression.
And we think this is why they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drug deaths, dramatic disasters, aesthetic relationships, sexual relationships to early ages and no protection and damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is preserving health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have a new supermarket, regardless of whether or they don't have higher rates of superstars.
17 percent of women don't present a job interview in a day when they don't feel secure with the way they see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity.
Let's release this potential to each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, for itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first is that we have to engage trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of programs are really interested in, without realizing the situation.
So we should make sure that the program that our children follow are not just having a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas, the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six species are positive points for any willing to provide an education in body sulfide that works.
An education is fundamental -- but facing this problem requires from each of us that we take in the issue and we're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to talk about the application of our politicians in shoes of hair or the size of their chest, or to imagine that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not because they look like.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time a mirror.
In summary, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children are going to grow all their people, valuing individuals, diversity, inequality.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a post.
For making a difference in the real world, we make them be the ones that go out in the big screen because we just will create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they can never be able to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who is in mind?
Your wife.
To your brother.
To your daughter.
Your surrounding surrounding? Is your friend?
It could just be the woman who is two different aspects of distance -- what would it mean for her if it was released from that artificial voice in its gut, that I admit you to have no long legs -- you get more densely, a more flat, smaller storing store?
What would it mean for her if we would go out of this, and we would be going to go back to its potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
We show that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and the truth is that we love them for who they are and for how they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each one of us, the way we talk and compare with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small purposes of a year of today, become agents of changing safe change.
Let's do it.
The five of November of November 1990, a gentleman named Ellish Congo, entered a hotel in Manhattan and murder to the Arab Medical Kate, the leader of the Lego Death Act.
A Girl income was income income, but being present by other minor cars, in company of others, started planning attacks at about 12 Yorks from New York, including tunnels and syndrome and the United Nations.
Luckily, those planets were frustrated by an FBI report.
Sadly, the 1918 bomb, in the World Trade Center -- couldn't be avoided.
Later to be convicted by its participation in that atmosphere.
Alexander Now, it's my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1987, being him an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother teacher, primary school teacher, between the two made all the possible for giving us a happy child.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims come to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't require a lot to get to want the same things in life.
However, in all religion in all human groups, there is always a little fraction of people who are so close to their connections that I think you have to use all the possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat and explained to me that in the last few weekends, he and some friends, had been going to land training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go to the next day.
We came to the Palestinian Trade Palm that without knowing our group, was raped by the FBI.
When I was touch to land, my father helped me hold the right in the shoulder, and I explained how to go to the goal at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I gave to the small orange light on the goal and to surprise all of all, especially me, all of the goal in flames.
My uncle came to the others and in Arabic, he said "Frank."
From a father, such a child.
All of all, the comment gave them a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny to them.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could happen.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a card of them with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center of the World Trade Center causing an explosion that killed six people and fled another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "microbial," which means you.
When I was 18, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of members.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone already was time to scale and go to another city.
As I was always the face of the new class of the class, it was visual victims.
Craig secrets my identity to avoid being the white, but to be the new of the class, silence and region, was enough money.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it sound, to grow under favorite, was not prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race, or their religion.
So how could you open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they could test my way to think was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a professional program that I participated in the National Convention, Johnson, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the theme of youthful violence, as I had been victims of magnetic almost all my life, was something that felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different products.
One day, towards the end of the conversation, I discovered that one of the guys who we had done friendship was Jewish was Jewish at all.
He took several days going to light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
Never before I had a Jewish friend and frankly, I felt very proud of having been able to sell the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was inflation.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a park park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience resulted in the development of my character.
All life had taught me that the hippocampus was a fish, and by extension, all the females were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a spirit, and I could see that several of them were the most limited and less critical that I've seen in life.
Having been a child, it developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy to me to treat yellow people, exactly the way I would have wished to be treated.
So for that feeling I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be home, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then the Dow Shakespeare came up.
All night, Joan Stewart made me be intrinsically honest with my internationals, and helped me see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways he became my paradigm in a moment when I was desperate to get it.
In occasions, the inspiration can come from the unexpected thing, and that a Jewish committee would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremely, was not in version.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that will consider my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes filled with someone who has suffered enough enough to interconnected metals and said, "I'm tired of helping."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to maintain all that hate in your gut.
My real name is not James Australia.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decided to go out and put in a religious possible?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, some day, who is trying to take violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I was convicted to this violent and interactive ideology -- I didn't get to be fascinated.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against biases.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, because of the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to talk about those actions without sense, as a gift to my father's actions.
So with this tune I tell you how violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that's projected in its minds.
It's an incredible multimedia movie.
It's in 3D and it has noise sound of what you hear and you see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a harvest, wisdom and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your famine, your pleasure.
It has emotions, angry, happiness.
It has memories, as your childhood that you project to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice on your conscious thinking.
The heart heart is you who experience everything in direction.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you and you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we consistent?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that do what we have to produce results without experiencing the internal film, right?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to integrate science consciousness, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
science, by nature, is objects.
consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because all over the 20th century, I witnessed that vision.
Psychologists studied the current behavior of neuroscience studying the brain, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francisco Pentagon and physicists like Roger Peter said, "Now it's the time for science to open consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the search of relationships, relationships between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kamen did a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling happy or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of relationships.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain that by saying that this kind of work work answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness. The questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they collaborate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No addressing neurogenesis.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
So I didn't adopt the real central mystery of this material, why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective international movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the college, like the horizons, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical surgery is all cases of emerging behaviors -- how to operate the communities, how the horses work, how they reproduce them, they adapt the living organisms and they are all questions about objective work.
That could apply to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we speak, how we play chess -- all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the difficult problem is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience.
And here is, the standard paradigm of the supermarket, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of adventure that works. For a long time, I got my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we are at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanation, great. We used this, physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I believe that consciousness, right now, is kind of a antibiotics, something that we need to integrate our vision of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at the beginning, they will seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such problem that is a difficult problem.
The whole idea of the internal film includes a kind of illusion.
Actually, what you have to do is explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything you need.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of conscious consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just deny that the observation of consciousness is sustainable.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time I go on, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promise.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
Psychologists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental landscapes, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws are not explained in terms of anything else.
Instead, they consider fundamentalists, and then they build the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is over.
In the 19th century Malaria discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of pressure fundamental concepts -- space space, space, moral, laws of Newton -- then police the basic laws of the electromagnetic -- and police the electric burden as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of profound fundamental ideas, space -- time, mass -- carefully, then by local question, you have to reach the list.
The most natural thing would be possible as a fundamental thing, a fundamental light of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not about science.
It opens the path to make it scientifically managed.
So what we need is to study fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass processes, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can estimate them in a memory.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can estimate them in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we see.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called passion, "Play for everyone, "missing by mind, every system is conscious, not just humans, the dogs, the mountains, even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a phantom can be full of antibiotic when he thinks "Oh, always traveling to the speed of light.
I can't deliver and smell the robots."
No, no.
But the thought is that maybe pictures can have some electronic sense of feeling surgery, subjective -- some primitive pressure of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do anybody think about something that light?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass -- it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illegal. It's much less for people in different cultures, where human mind seems more than nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and most powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to the physical process is to visualize consciousness with information.
Whenever you have information processing, there's consciousness.
complex childhood processing, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
One very exciting thing is that in the recent years a neurologist, George Tune, took this kind of theory and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which I call picture, which measures the degree of information in a system.
And I assume it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration -- a high high of gold, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration -- very significant.
But when you get to the wolves, microbes -- particles -- the golden degree says.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Turkey theory, there still will be a level of different awareness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of piece, high awareness.
Also, another reason is that policy can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
Psychologists and philosophers often have observed that physics is absolutely abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations -- but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of equations?
From the specific view, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it in the equation.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of adult.
It's right there in the center.
This vision -- I think, the pathological vision, has the potential to deal with our relationship with nature, and can have very serious social consequences.
Some can be immune.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetarian.
If you're a pantleman and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of humor.
I think to think about it, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Arabic intelligence system in the movie "Hello?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of paradigm information, she has a complicated information process, intellectually, so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you set up very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of smart computer systems and the ethics of them.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of full colors, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, at this time we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies in each part of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this paradigm self-seeking is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one that is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those thoughts of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we would finally discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile.
I went to school, I met my friends, I would fight my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents, because I wanted to get to a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a little profile on my mother's plate, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series of the Sarah Sandy and "Dangers Creatively.
Yes, I know. What about control.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, I'm going to be in the second part of the teaching in a high school school school, just after 20 minutes at the class 11 minutes, a guy lifted his hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your distribution?
And I said, "What different distribution?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for a few minutes 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your moral speech.
When people in wheelchair. They talk about institutional things in school.
And usually, in the stock room.
And that's when I realized, this child had had experiences with people with disability as objects of inspiration.
And we don't are. And it's not guilty of the boy, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manifestations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm in this stage looking like what I do in this wheelchair -- and you probably are waiting to inspire them. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to define them surprised.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that they've been in relation to disability.
Yes, you have sold us the mind that disability is something bad. It's a matter of metal.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you excited.
It's not a bad thing and it can't make excuses.
And over the last few years, we've been able to provide even more this measure through social communication media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad adult."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invited."
Or this one is, "Before I got up, introduce."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
It may be you've seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil supported by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with spider legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term delivering term because they correspond to a group of people for the benefit of other groups of people.
So in this case, we put the destructions in benefit of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that my life might be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you are that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that have been taught me strange to express that I am brave or an inspiration source, and this happened at before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I was happy for me to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to control.
These images, those images correspond to people with disability of people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a distributed person is actually something difficult.
We put some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things you can think.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "power "play, deliberately because I was surprised to call social model of disability -- which tells us that we're more susceptible because of society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very angry with him.
It makes things that I need to do, and I've learned to take the best thing about your ability as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of it.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So, is it really fair to share them in the way we do it, by sharing those images.
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration tells you as a conclusion.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold this lie that disability makes us excited.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here begging the inspiration -- and you think, "Oh God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I won't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
Learning that this is a great idea to use a few paper pieces to collect the things that are coming to me.  I learned the trick of how to reach the battery of the mobile phone in the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our dignity, but against a world that happens and consists us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest insult.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad adult, the reason that that is to lie is because it's not true, because of the social model.
A lot of soldiers before a shot of stairs has never done it in a bed.
Never.   To go out of a television screen won't be able to appear the substances for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and reductionistic a positive attitude to convert all those books into the outbreak.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his dorm watching "The Sandon Sandy Sea Nobel Disney not resident from anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get out of the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the overall achievement of people with disabilities. And I want to live in a world where a 19-year-old child in a high school school is not a little surprised that its new teacher is a wheelchair users.
The disability doesn't get us wrong, but to question what you think about what you do about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a closed glass?
Unfortunately, today only to answer one of those questions, so please don't be disabled.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about Microsoft Republican, and in Tom Crist, holding the hands in the air, but the reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality is increasing to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, is what it takes, the Google Gallons.
I'm sure a lot of people are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Gulfs are a device that lets you see what I see.
I'll let you experience what is to be a professional device in the countryside.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what's going to run through the game field at 100,000 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that a man in 100 kilos belongs to us, trying to engage with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you it's not quite nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use Google Google underwater, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, these are not images of NASA practice because the idea of the emission of emerging technology is a submarine going on the surface, but -- we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Kosovo: Let's go.
It's horrible to be short.
A moment. Let's zoom up a little bit.
Put it?
Go!
Chris Kanzi: As you can see, is a probability of what is being captured in the football field, from the perspective of the clock.
You may have realized that they lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington University.
Computer Marshall: Robots 44/71, Robots 47."
Blue 8, Blue 10: Go!
Chris Kosovo: This is a little bit more to feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've been asked in YouTube and Twitter -- you can see from the angle of a field market.
Or of a coral correct?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Galileo and Google Gulfs, how do we get to the next level of this?
We took it to that level using something called High Rick, which surely many already know.
The Rift River has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing. "No."
Oh, my God." Oh.
CO: That is the experience of a man in a Russian mountain, looking for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we get a video from Adrianne Pennsylvania crossing the line, leaving a laptop with the arm before you run and do an antithing? What will be the experience of a fan?
When I can be Miss running down the road, washing the balance into the bottom of the network, or and Ferranology doing a sand in William?
What will be their experience when it destroys a mountain to more than 100 miles as a colony screen?
You may increase the sales of papers for adults.
But this is not even absolutely awarded.
It's just virtual reality, Robert.
How do we achieve the augmented reality route?
We're going to look at the reality of augmented reality when the coaches and the men and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parts?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief challenge about the technology at NASA.
In 1989, the poles of the Balkans put a threat to their field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the past because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NASA placed radio radio radios in the fields of field markets and then in the deserts.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next play shown in front of you, in a plastic view that you can get -- you won't have to worry about finding a play.
Or if you memorize the strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose particles, and they hate losing parts.
If you lose the parties as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the reality is not just a massive strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the past.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be having a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the height of the people who are below.
They also get information from the skin sensors and the pencils, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send them.
The bad ones are going to have a information.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad people.
So your business team will be as important as your records, and the data analysis will stop being just for networks.
It will be also for sports. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the country?
Imagine that you are the field marketing.
You get the whale and you get back.
You look at an open receiver. And suddenly a flower on the left-hand side of your visit you sell that a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Robin system is advertised you.
Applause to the area of protection.
Another flower is advertised that there's an open receiver.
You launched the balloon, but you wake you up.
And the whale loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to travel. However, the receptor sees in his view a area of grass that goes away, and can modify the race.
It's approached, and it reaches the bathroom, and it runs and analyzing.
The public closed and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something to create a massive emotion in the past.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the countryside.
They want to be their favorite play.
The reality is still part of sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality.
Are we going to use it just like bread and close, like our heart entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to promote empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports levels.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a drone how days are their actions from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how does it live being preventing?
How much is it also for a Harvard Cambridge or a Neil Delhi Tesla trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of terrible notes and Karats?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is over.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, dependent, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retire after 23 years of service at the University of California.
The majority of those 23 years I spent the south of the south of the county of Mars, which includes the Blue Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also an magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The poet Goldman Gates was open in 1973.
Joseph Stereah, engineers held to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is practically to test of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or problem."
But from his openness, more than 1.3 people have separated their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will lead to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such as that, so the each from him would release you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that happen below your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
And after a quarter of four to five seconds, the body is on the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of which prefer vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
The ones that don't normally go into the intellectual water, and then they start together.
I don't think that those of you who take this method of suicide are realizing the death that you will face.
This is the cables.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 pounds of steel on the bridge.
This is where most people are going to be able to raise life.
I can tell you that once the person is in that edge, and at the most dark moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year, while this young man spoke to an office controlled his life.
I mean with joy that we had success that day in bringing it back on the standard.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who care suicide but the officers as well.
We've recorded a long way since then.
Today, these viruses and psychological officers train new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it in July 22 last year when I received a call of a possible underwater subject sitting in the mouse near the center.
And I said, and when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to a progress of the Golden Gate.
Jason had only 32 years old, and I had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to two times before New Jersey to try to get us out of this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
I remember the Greek mythology -- Beck created Park, and sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never open that box back."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Park, and she opened the box.
And they came out of it, pictures, and all kinds of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open your box and there's no hope.
You stopped a few instruments, and it goes to the right, and it was.
This yellow and intelligent kid in New Jersey just had a living.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be holding very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had asked them.
The collective damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or a friend of love was surfaced?
What would you say?
Would you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
You don't argue, you collapsed, or you tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of influence you need.
If you think somebody is suicide -- you don't have afraid to cope and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is, "You know, "Old circumstances have thought about finishing your life, you've had these thoughts?
Consider the person in front can save life and be the point of influence for them.
Other signs to search for us, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- impossible, believe that there is nothing that you can do at the moment, social isolation and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read you his letter.
She lost his son at the 19th of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days, and it is with his permission and blessing that read them.
Hello, Kenya. I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go back to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty numb -- but notice more moments to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Pennsylvania to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father at the 19th of January.
I never got there.
I called the police of Pittsburgh and repeated it as that night.
At the next morning, two officers came to my house, and I was informed that the car of Mike was under the bridge.
A test had seen it jump from the bridge at 150 percent of the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be completely too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffer a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
GPS Google Gates is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful dance, not a choice.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and raise the path that his son took that day, and also the courage to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible possible subject on the top of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle down the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing in the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I crossed the standard of the shooter, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next hour and a next half, I heard like Kevin talked about its depression and desperation.
Kevin decided for his account that day to go back and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happiness.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did I do that they come back and give the hope and life another opportunity.
And you know what told me?
He said, "I listened to you.
It let me talk and just listen to me."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read them.
"Dear Severing Brothers. Nothing will erase the events of the 11th of March -- and you are one of the reasons why Kepler follows with us.
Sadly, I think Kepler was crying for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental disease for which it has been relatively medicine.
I went to Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unconscious of all those heroic traits -- but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, like he said.
We thank God for you.
I still disagree with you, Barack Berkeley.
And at the end she wrote, "PM: When I visited the General Health of San Francisco that night, you were fascinated as the patient.
"I know I had to resolve it.
Today, Kevin is an active father and member of society.
He talks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story inspired others.
The suicide is not just something I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act -- despite finishing his own pain, I broke the opportunity to know.
This is what suicide.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about encouraging another person.
They just want their own pain.
Typically, this is only three ways, drawing, drugs or algorithm.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and solid calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who was talking about about an hour.
During that time, I was holding my hand in three occasions, at that time.
At the end of the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Keep, I feel it, but I have to go."
And I went out.
Helium, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people we get to control in that bridge are not surprised.
Also, those little who have separated from the bridge and living and you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one who leaves the flag realized that they had started a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connected Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridges we do, is something that everyone and each of us should be striving for doing.
The suicide can be prevented.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you are, but in your interest you know what you are, and a question would kill you -- how do you become that?
I should be a unique thing in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that he had finally done the dream that I had since girls.
My outside ended up with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to remind you later, when I look at this picture I think, you know, George -- you know, you get it.
But the ocean past, I discovered that, of course, I'm starting here.
We all love our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage of released, to get rid of the limitations that are imposed by the color of skin or the belief of those who surrounded us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years -- a lot of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, including my story.
I think this enemy is called reverse.
This is the me.
They recorded me as a "Children by born because of the appearance of my genetics.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always took this t-shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mama, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to continue.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that it's actually more complex and mysterious now.
Because of my success, I never got to share my story, not because I thought it will be what I'm bad, but why the world deals with those of us who want to liberate us.
Every day it tends to be women.
I have Mom and Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist diet of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess -- the dialects of the stories.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries here.
I was on front of the stage and remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would beat me -- this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw this woman called TED.
It's the director of a constant beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you participate in the conservation content?
He told me that if he passed it out of the search species and the series of the series, and that night, they won in the bathroom, won in the bathroom suit, and it was three cents between more than 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, it was within the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a beauty of beauty of women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the disasters, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Films.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my selection of the green card that could go to live to the United States.
I was shocked.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm dinnering.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know, if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the identity of gentlemen?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two, my name.
She also accompanied me when I was opening in Thailand.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most pressure and sophisticated and secure surgery.
At that time, in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before we change name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license, and the "The Google, of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or can get a tree, but for me was the license to live, to feel digitally.
Suddenly, my fears were mixed together.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman named Mother Newton.
A young woman in New York who basically lived his truth, but that, desperately, put attention to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 in November 20 we do a global victim by the Congolese Day of Alexandria.
I am on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fights and stood into the injustice.
These are Martin Paul, Johnson and Sylvia Richard.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I am here, expressing, so that some day there is no longer visible than 20 of Norway.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: George, a quick question.
George Rose," of course. You see, first, thank you with all my biodiversity.
My own network, my parents, to my family, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been killed with young women -- that I've gone on, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it, I took the phone, called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman."
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity -- that's what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by the birth, and what I try to do is put on the table that sometimes that amazing amphibation -- and that there should be a space that allows people to adapt. And this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The translation movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
I should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and traditional societies are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the little parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malaysia started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were drowned in 2011, when they put up the National Prize Jerusalem of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice and inequality.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when you win a child, your birth is not celebrated.
It's not good, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood goes, he gives her control to mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother was very bored to have a girl.
When you give birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, you consume, and, with the hope of a child, when you put his third daughter, it feels guilty as a crime.
Not only is the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the daughter is born, when it grows as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, he stays home and school admit his sisters.
Until the age of 12 years, in some ways, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when I go into the teenager, when I was 13 years old, he was banned to go out of his house without a male attack.
It's confined to the four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you take the code of that honor event, you could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this concept of honor code, not only affect the life of a child, also affects the life of the male members of family.
So this brother, separation the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor of honor.
And there's a cloud more than the purple societies that's called evidence.
A good girl must be very standard, very humble and very subtle.
It's the cricket.
The model of a good girl must be color.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly even if you don't want to.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because you don't want to be a detail tongue.
If you're very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it desperately.
And what happens in the end?
In the words of a poet -- "The home, they love it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of evidence.
And this visual circle continues and content.
You want brothers and sisters -- when I was born Malay, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the recently national receivers, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt absolutely honest.
And so much before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legendary lab of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Maladari from Marshall, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, all of them were men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line from my name, and I wrote, "Man.
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admired her in my school.
You wonder, why should I mention a girl in a school?"
Yes, I should mention it.
You can give it in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poorer countries, in the patriarchal societies, in traditional societies -- is a great event for the life of girls.
They would be inspired in a school means the recognition of his identity and their name.
An admiration to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and applications where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five brothers, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I turned out the self-seeking vision, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the traces of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my brothers or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to predict intelligence and sales of my daughter.
I went to sit with me when my friends came to see.
The encourage to go to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to impress them in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Mali.
I've involved all these good values in my school to girls and girls.
I use education for emission.
I taught my daughters, teaching students, forgetting the lesson of evidence.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the silent call.
We wanted brothers and siblings, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It's called the land.
That means a complete denial of women in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stop going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the young girls and the singers killed.
They suffer millions, but a few talk, and it was terrifying to have these people who kill and travel when you talk about your rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, McGowan was lifted and left for the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, she was offered for the New York Times documents and talked about every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads like a camera around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and nine of October 2014, 2014, shot it to the head.
It was a fabulous day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was going between life and death, I would hold my wife to my husband, "Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, your daughter.
And he obviously said, "Please don't blame you.
It means the right cause.
They put your life in play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and joined you.
Both of them were in the right path and God will protect it."
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Mali was in the hospital, and I had severe legs and severe headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that stretches down the face of my wife.
But my daughter never recovered.
I used to say, "I am well with my tree and my face in my face.
It will be fine. Please don't worry.
It was a consumer for us, and it confers us.
We want brothers and sisters -- we've learned from her how to rethink at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and women -- it's like any 16 years old.
I cried when he didn't follow his homework.
He fights with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor who has done so audacious Maladari so brave and expression and economists?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Google group, Google, where I've had a donation to my career, the Giving Diversity Giant Division, but all the work I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you commit to an operation of brain.
Are you still like smart or not?
Of not being like this, could you be intelligent?
After the neuron, I was fascinated a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurogenesis.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what was going to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix mix and try to get them together, to follow life.
More than once I've saved me.
But fortunately, I have an experiment, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal dose because there is really no map of a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different dimensions, and I was surprised to see how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my attack, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months -- I had dancers and typical chemicals for a summer man, and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed.
I was always fundamentally, I thought about all the time in sex, and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some previous versions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise.
In fact, I was trying to actually be trying to get a problem that had the front, and it just didn't happen like that.
So, I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dogs.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to move up, since then I get better with men.
What I tried to do, when I adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and others, was to regain my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my point of key reference -- how do I get those mental images that I use to create professionals, my ideas, if you want to do new ideas and get situations back?
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Films like Himalaya, Descartes and sisters look at things in a similar way.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Now, there are who you think about this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, to me is simple: for most of us, the mental imagery are fundamental for creative and innovative thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have lots of great mental mentors, really violent, well sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what happens if a movie director was able to use your imagination just to steer the world you have at the front, right?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head.
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is just increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to coming to this with two recent experiments made by two groups of neuroscience.
Both of them use MRI technology, imagine by functional MRI resolution, to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by George Gates and his colleagues of Harvard Gandhi.
The column on the left shows the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the brain of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, watching that same image.
The column on the right is created by the contents of the central column of the left, you see that the difference is almost nuclear.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from the lab of Jack Galileo in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into reconstruction visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, the hundreds of hours of YouTube videos of YouTube as their brains were lifted to create a great deal of brain reactions of the video sequence.
Then you showed a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as a new scan was collected.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan and decided to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the developments of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This leaves us barbed.
We're okay about doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image and when you imagine that same picture, you create the brain the same map.
This led to the open-source brain scanning systems today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrons.
I don't offer for that.
A lot of people are providing new techniques of protection for images, even me, counting with the recent outcome of the IUCN, first we should ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road.
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, more gender magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- don't increase for billions as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets -- make better emergencens.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different areas, like making a space.
And why is this important?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort at the MRI were to make a really big, right?
However, most recent advances in residential solution and brilliant solutions in computing and decision, in the transmission and recovering recorders of FM radio in the MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a unified magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio, we can increase a massive way the information that you can extract in one scene.
Also, we can then divide our knowledge in our growth of brain structure and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the flower of anti-manager blood -- but the one of the hormones and neurons that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity, this is sleep.
We'll be able to fly our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through thinking about?
What would we be able to?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filtering?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be introduction to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few choices more than open this door.
Anyway, take a year, spend in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have artists.
Your closet, maybe to say to some person for the first time you love it or tell someone who is pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have trapped in life.
Everything artists is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can be valuable, the experience of having lived and has come out of that carpet is something universal.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked at the South Side White California, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to add several stages of the massive miracle intensity -- I won't be able to take my analysis to quote the letters of Abu Die France as a law.
And I would be aware that by the crowd of my short screen and for having adopted my head -- I would ask myself a small child, "Hey, are you guys or girl?
And it would appear a silent silence on the table.
I would learn my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rain leg.
The father would increase the newspaper, and the mother would launch a phrase looking at her son.
But I would not say anything, and honor inside.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised the next time to say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, I went again.
"You're a guy or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to go back in the female issues in the table.  I had Beijing Franklin.
Global Germany quote.
Even a front of the "Vagina Monologues" that I'll show you.
And then I breathe up and I looked at the gaze and my spills a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist dollar, just a girl with a question: "Are you guys or girl?
And then I breathe out again, I stood out of scars close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a constant thing.
I have the short hair like a child, and I see clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, so you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable picture.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl of a comfortable path."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and said, "My favorite friend is violent and has a fish.
Can you give me a painting, please?
And that was all -- "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the paradigm that I ask?
It was the most easy conversation of everyone ever ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the paradigm and I, both of us, we were honest with each other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some guns in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an artist.
But inside, in dark, you can't know what color are the walls.
You just know how one feels like living in a series.
It's like my artist is not different to your or your own.
Certainly, I'll give you 100 reasons why out of my closet, it was more difficult than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The difficult thing is not relevant.
The difficult thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain someone who has been thrown in pink bank is harder than saying it has been entering?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is harder than saying to your five years that you're going to difficult you?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the difficult thing.
We need to stop cleaning what is difficult to what it is difficult to another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our artists and we should only feel empathy because we all live in something hard.
Somewhere in our lives, we all live in artists, and they can make it feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that doesn't matter what their walls are, a artist is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I was like, I had a horse tail, a dress and high cardboard shoes.
It was not the military television ready to fight any four years that would enter the coffee.
I was frozen by fear. I was reacted in a corner of my dark closet, and I was looking at my farm game, and the moving only a muscle is the most terrifying thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, tools with the ones that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guard that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, you kill you.
One of my most memorable languages was the wedding of my brother.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that I was gay, and when I do my honor dogs in my black dress and balls, I walked around the table and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me did years ago.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women recorded "Arabi, "I love Nathan Lang."
And the gay record battle had begun.
"Hello, ever been in the Campaign?
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fascinating.
"Ma, you know my Alzheimer's station?
It's very good, and it's never talked about having nonprofit."
"Ma, what's your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program -- William and Grand.
And you know who love us? Japan.
Jackie is our favorite."
And then a woman, discovered, but in waiting to show her support, to make me know that I was from my side, finally said stranger, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink cars."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all the big grandmothers.
Surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt limited.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were spreading.
And what else can you ask someone, but electricity?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anybody I have come out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Pakistan Gills.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it means to get out of any alternative is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take your armor. Be yourself.
That girl in the cafe didn't have artificial, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be generous, the other ones must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct -- just to give you, save your parts.
If you know you're gay, you will say.
If you say to your parents who may be gay, they'll keep the hope that that might change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  They leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They are discovered by that.
And some of you can go out of safe wounds -- you find out what you've done, but you never figured out what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel determined, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find out in an armed dark -- you have to know that we've all been there before.
And it may be very simple, but they don't.
Thank you, Boston. Enjoy the candle.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Terrofix Dilosen that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can notice."
When Peter Digest wrote this as a criticism to the pioneers of computer like Alan Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's get back a step.
First we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of Earth or the Earth's biology or Earth intelligence, but they have incredible telescopes, and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as translators, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that you have no concept about Earth intelligence, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, until a certain time in time, the asteroids that demand the surface of a miserable planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took several years ago, I announced a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines -- that you know, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In compassion, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adapted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together together, I said, "For a few years ago, there is a mental mechanism for the intelligence that we could extract from all these different issues.
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and B -- I know the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force -- Free, which act with the end of maximize the freedom freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or maintain the open options, with a force T -- with the diversity of possible future accessible future -- yes, until an immense future time, etc.
In few words, the intelligence doesn't like to stay attached.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so having in account this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable it is?
Is the level of human intelligence level?
Was artificial intelligence predicting?
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research research has suggested that the universes that produce more destroying or "necessary: during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that cognitive connection between entropy.
What happens if the intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find it, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that you find inside.
Amazingly, Internet could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, play games, and even win money by eating action, all of them without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a notice of foot without falling here, here we see Ivan by set up automatically one point using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it a goal.
It just decided for her account to balance the point.
This skill skill will have applications for humanitarian robotics and human assistance technology.
This capacity of use of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate from the opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see Ivan can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
English is widely applicable to a variety of domain.
For example, here we see it essentially playing a piece of purpose against itself, including its potential for play.
So here we see Ivan organizing new connections in a social network where the friends are completely disabled, and keeps the net well the net network.
This same capacity of network organization also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see Ivan organizing the routes of a barrier dish, discovering success and using the Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, Internet is widely applicable to problems in autonomous and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Ivan spontaneously discovering and execute a computer strategy, visiting in a series of sexual activity, successfully increasing assets under its existence.
This ability of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wikistalians: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive behaviors such as tools use, to walk upright and social cooperation -- all dependent on one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back to the beginning of the term of the robot, the work "Robotics: there was always the concept that if we develop smart machines, there would be a cyber meeting.
The machines will get together against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become smart, and then membrane and try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all future future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually be able to take the control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of target.
You often ask me, how is it that looking for objects from this kind of show?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in an inflection point in human history, something between the condition of stars and losing the planet we call "Humanity."
Although, in the last few years, we've been very excited about our knowledge of how Earth is at the context of the universe.
The NASA mission mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which bet the Earth is just one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the local intensity of stars when planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of the planets besides the distance that there are between them and their stem star.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sounds.
Instead, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are sandwiched or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this transitional world theory, our own planet is getting under the weight of humanity.
2008 was the most clinical record.
Global and ice ice that have been with us from thousands are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused to global scale have quickly quickly our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist of climate, or antibiotic.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that you seek foreign opportunities in the impossible sector.
Now, as someone really interested in life search in the universe I can tell you that the more you seek Earth-like planets on Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet and the planets that we know better."
Let's take our neighbors, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little bit farther from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world showing this for a mission like the Kelly.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our robots like "Christinality show its surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MIT mission, take samples from the market atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
The private companies now offer not only space flights but also the ability to live in Mars.
But even though all these images are remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the wireless ideas and the prototypes, compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the expansion of the destructive areas of our planet that still still collaborated, places really extraordinary places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and brightest places of the Earth, the air is free and ready of oxygen except by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this enthusiasm by the colonization of Mars, and other planets have a big strand and short planet, the implications and belief of some that Mars would expect there to save us from this influence of the only planet that we know is really saving, the Earth.
For a lot that I like international exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of truth will get place later in the wild boat.   Thank you.
But the targets for international exploration, and the terrestrial preservation is not controlled.
No, it's actually faces of the same coin, the goal to understand, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The environmental environments in our world are listed as extraterrestrial paradigms.
They're just closer to the house.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and invisible areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the February paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist American Foundation said, realizing that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the extraterrestrial life existence to now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of February is that when civilizations become enough technological advanced to consider to continue to live between stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international collision will save us from ourselves, but planetary pressure and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to encourage the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the most easy task to preserve the skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, my own house.
And while I was on the front front of my pocket, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were in the dining table, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were fine.
I thought to call a crisis, at least I had my cell phone, but at the middle of the middle, a crisis could take a long time in coming, and I did cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a flight trip to Europe at the next morning, and I learned from my passport.
It turns out, but surely not more expensive than a cheese in a middle night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I went out of the store.
I'm a professor, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Library collection that increases heart rhythm, moving the levels of adrenaline and cloud of thinking.
And when I got to the search teacher in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started asking myself, if there was something I could do, systems that could be put in their place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least if you happen bad things, that you minimize the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I kept thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize me.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kate, white Prize Bank, and a little embarrassed he told him that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me I had been practicing something called presidential representation.
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary King, who had written about this a few years before, known as well as the prize.
Everyone knows what the poster is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what it was wrong, right?
In the spring, as Daniel, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong, to contrast, try to figure out what you can do to prevent things that things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about is some things that we can do in the shape of a printer.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with obvious.
In the house, I will trigger a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds of common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that support this thesis -- based on how our space works.
There's a structure in the brain called hypothesis, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the location of important things, where the good is, where the fish are, that have the fish that the French trees live, where the friends and enemies live.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that goes into the London Islands.
It's the part of the brain that allows the farmers to find their numbers.
And if you ask somebody to really make the experiment, they cut the infinite sense of the architects, and you could still find their numbers.
They didn't use the algorithm, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose hearts of the car, the gardens of reading and speech.
So at home, they develop a place for the keys -- a hook along the door, maybe a decades described.
For his passport, a particular bird.
For their reading glasses, a particular memory.
If you give up a place and you are writers with it your things always be there when you look at them.
What about the trips?
They take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards of credit little disability, support, send it by mail to themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases color.
The collaboration is toxic.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems in your site.
And there is perhaps no more stable situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or the one to be loved to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And to talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is out as a profile for all of us decision-making devices, and in fact, for the decision-making table and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which a rational evaluation of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high.
Everyone knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, attack to heart, brain brain.
So you are thinking that having the high school is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to pick a drug that will help you reduce the school, a strategy."
And maybe you've heard about the statues, and you know it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. Even if you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, remember the strategy."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that you have to ask from which most physicians don't want to speak and pharmaceutical companies.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NGO?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure, before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of despair statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work.
And it's not a doctor's fault, and if it is somebody else's fault. It's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanism.
But the stations of Gulf that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recipe station, what do you think is it?
How many people have to take before they help a person?
300.
This is about the research of clinical researchers Jerusalem Greenland and Papua Harvard, constantly confined by Blackberry.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take medicine for a year before you avoid a single amount of heart, stored brain or another event.
Now you may think, "Well, one likelihood in 300 of my cholesterol colleague.
Why no, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more, and it is, "Hello of the security effects. Right?
For this particular medicine, side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: delicious pain pain and artificial pain, satisfaction pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, still take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember, under stress, they don't think clearly.
So you think about how to justify this over time, so you don't have to manufacture the chain chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have side effects. That's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get involved by the drug that you help you the drug.
I don't say they should or not to take the stigma.
I just say you should have this conversation with your physician.
The medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have right to access this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to justify risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number on the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to try is pretty typical.
For the surgery that it has been done in the older men than 50, surprise of cancer per cancer, the number needs to treat is 49.
That's what it is, 49 surgeries for one person who has helped to.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the imagination or education fiction, the urban innovation, the straight fire, the fecal entertainment.
And if you have lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just going to spend a year or two.
So the idea of the premise is to think of before time the questions that you can get in the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option a lot of times, you want a more short life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change the heart of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases under stress, and one of the things that happens at that time is that a lot of systems are off.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
The face of face with a predator is not necessary the digestive system, or the freedom or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast. They might become the lunch lunch -- so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes on the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Kateon, and its colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defenseless.
We're all going to fail.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failure, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize damage, or to prevent the bad things happening in the first place.
Being redefining the night of snow in Montana, when I came back from my journey, my contractor inspired me a combination of combination next to the door, with a keys of the entrance door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered -- and lots of mail messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Picture, I mean, this is my favorite musical symbols.
It means play.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a short, you need to play more surfaced.
Two short, even more subtle.
Four scores, extremely subtle.
This is my drawing of a blue tree, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousand and a thousand thousand of them can be, will never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the ATM, about a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came during the 1970s, and over the time of time, it mixes with local signs, and it developed the language that we know as ALS.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound sounds are a very important part of my life, they're actually in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a sound world, it's like I live in a foreign country, constantly following its rules, colors, behaviors and norms without them.
So how do I understand sound using?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my adventures and apply sound.
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds -- and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't blow the door."
"You don't do a lot of noise when you eat the front of the French patterns."
"Don't study, and when you're eating it, you will not throw the covers on the plane."
Everything called it sound satellite."
Maybe I think about the more sound of sound than the average person does.
I'm super visible from sound.
And I'm always waiting with nerves the sound, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for deciding for me.
Thank you for going.
TBP: To announce it.
You can see that the pressure has no notes on the lines.
That's because lines already contain sound through subtle and sandwiched buttons.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for the AT&T.
A typical pressure has five lines.
However, to me, to make the point with my thumb that's not natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries -- and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend and that called the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all audience.
Now sound has entered my art of art.
Am I going to distance more about art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through ears.
I can feel a technical way, or I can experience it visually, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and prevent it.
I started creating a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was wide, it was a person person.
And sound is so powerful that I could be able to defend me and my artistic work, or I could buy you.
I chose that I would behave.
There's a massive culture on the language of language.
And just because I don't use my online voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like it didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with a lot of different intelligence from ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like you take a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could stay in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with the sound as my new artistic medium, I was involved in the world of music.
And I was surprised to see the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express in the paper.
And the same can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very spatial and highly moved that means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signals as sound.
I'd like to share you a metaphor metaphor, so you understand better how ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The FBI is divided in many different families.
If you add a different pattern for each finger while you touch the piano, like the facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of the hand, and so as you play the piano, the English is a linear language, like only one keyboard at a time.
However, the ECX is more like a character, you need 10 fingers a simulated way to express a clear concept or idea.
If only a keyboard will change the challenge, create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone and fire and volume.
In American, by using these different graphic parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal "figure out in that."
This is the sign "figure of it."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was saved.
Oh there.
What are you looking at here?
Ah, basically."
So I got to think, and if I see AIDS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it might be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of day, the sun goes out and put it.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually see as a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell me from all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights, "Billie," "Any note night."  All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ALS and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hand, it's one hand, two months, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
And then he was like "Chris, and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea.
"The common thing is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per company.
However, when I see the word "Old Congo, I think automatically at the same time.
Look at MIT: hand. MT: left.
We have the pressure through head and chest.
(Audience: Mom, garden blood -- "The Pennsylvan: E, bar bar, I'll show you a shape of the hand called "flat "gold."
Can you do that?
Everyone with high hands.
Now we're going to do it as much in the head as fish, something like "Chemistry or "The same time."
Yes, very good.
That means "going into the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one I would like to show you is this. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "Christian in the ATM.
Now, the third one, please go back again.
And again.
It's "Christian in ALS.
We're going to do the three together.
"The "Collaboration: "The "little "Chemistry and "little "diameter."
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different means.
It's amazing to see how the FBI is alive and pressure, like music.
However, today, we live in a very collective world.
And only because the FBI has no sounds -- automatically it doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what social value define and allow the FBI to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AIDS, and you have to hear to learn music.
The AT&TAA is a rich, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears open, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even love us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kango," Hey, that I'm me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can summarize everything, but then you have to clean it."
The freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie us to protect ourselves from the real truth.
When you do more, I learned that adults also insist and they're not very good at cleaning out others.
The time country, now I'm an adult and teaching citizen in Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk out of the beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I don't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a spectacular thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big banks and networks to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information in a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those enormous boat.
So along with my students, with age of six to 15 years, we used to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a table.
We started building this work of work with high warning so that children too low can also participate.
And I'll tell you, children who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragile.
That we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic bits, we just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take an image of this plastic, children are excited a lot with robots.
Then we quickly created what we call a prototype."
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform light cameras and camera cameras in accidents, and we put it into a floating robot that will move slowly through water and for the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic chunks floating slowly through the sensor while the computer computer will process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an estimate estimate of the amount of plastic in water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "The "Collaborators: with hope that someone better even more.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to solve immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very good kids.
You see the news, they get the Internet, they get the Internet, and they took this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, only using hands, in Sundays, the largest blood rainforest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink, it's the water that they bank in, the water where they eat, where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown and the mud and the oil are also of brown color and when everything mixes -- it's very difficult to see what there are in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectacular technology, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can be stored through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We put this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help shape other children.
I was going to investigate a problem at a distance. I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they developed several giant waves, called the tsunami, and those users destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant, a nuclear center close to water.
And today, according to the reports an average 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has traces of control by "American."
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Facial radiation everywhere.
But if we look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, in the moment, has safe sense, is blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've returned to Russia every year from access and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course, we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we infect the control center, here you see the use of different massives.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they are going to have to live with religion all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day, and we talked about what we were going to do later, the strategies -- the end, etc.
And to do this, we created a three-dimensional marketing map around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the map map, we introduced oil to represent data in real time of radiation, and we collect water to simulate rain.
With this we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the nervous system and demonstrated in the ocean.
It was an alarming strategy.
But based on this, we organize a civil expedition -- the closest to nuclear central to date.
We went down to 1,000 miles from nuclear center, and with the help of the areas of the area we were collecting the sea legacy secrets with a search service as we invented and built.
Here we see a progress, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work in these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been beginning to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong, and we converted it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of panic, basically you can build almost all of there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children in children can actually become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Audience: Apple."
Congolese Harvard." We asked things like, "Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For instance.
Or we can help in the mobility of the advanced population population transforming their standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles.
The plastic, oil and religion are terrible, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientific citizens, creative, serious, we need to prepare the next generation to be worried about environment and people, and so that you can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two legal cells, two relatively opposite cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk soul.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organization.
One is imposing about the environment, the other one.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Michael Andrew said that when he looked at the market in Brown, I saw a figure that I struggled for being free.
The film was only a microbial microscopy tool.
But living beings are not controlled.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information out for every cell to work and to breed.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by regulations of manufacturing and production in mass.
The mountain lines have been doing a world made of parts and by finding the imagination of designers and architects that are trained to think of their objects as antibiotic parts with different functions.
But you don't find members of material material in nature.
Think of human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is delicious with distributed pores in them.
The skin skin streets are more thick with small parts.
You act primarily as a filter, the other primarily as a bar, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts -- there are no algorithms.
It's a system that vary gradually its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, the twice of every designer and architecture by working with the sky between the sky and the gene, between the machine and the organization, between the anti-contemporary and the growth between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere, and the right, analysis and sounds, is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, in his simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, coming out of the anti-contemporary and getting to growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't it possible for 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where four disciplines that provide access to access to access that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales -- big scale -- like this robotic arm with a 24 feet of diameter with a visit of a view that some day not very far to print internal buildings, and graphics to national microbes made of genetically modified microbes that shine in darkness.
Here we have reduced the tail, an architect of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every surgeon is only only to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a flower -- this was for a Tasmanian fashion device with Iraq van Hawaii. It's like a second skin made from one piece -- recorded in the contrast, flexible around the civilization.
Together with 3D printing collaboration, we print this layer and flow 3D facilities between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This camel combines rigid and white materials in the resolution of 20 minutes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CAPTCHA scanner.
That designers have access to this high-tech analogy and synthetic instruments, allowing them to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues as well.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, one chair at the same time, comfortable and also it absorbs sound.
The Professor Carter, my collaborator -- we went back to nature to inspire us, and when you design this pattern of surface to deliberate it, it becomes submersible.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in rich, options and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, vary its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another, but vary continuously and dramatically the material property.
But is it the ideal nature.
There are no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories from the British Bible, and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she said, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a traditional tree cardly tribe."
For that first financial tree, there would be no difference between tribes, branches and leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, Earth made it grow trees with branches and candy and streets and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would the design be if objects were made from one piece of period?
Let's go back to a better state of creation.
So we looked for the blood material, the kind of material of the financial tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called the candy, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, carbon, schools and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and markets.
We think that if we could monitor their properties, we could generate muscle structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marketing.  We asked a lot of cards of shrimp -- we mix them and we produce corruption party.
Looking at chemical controllers, we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and support, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures at large scale, they built a system with multiple banks of religious control.
The robot could vary the properties of material on the march and create these structures made from one material about three feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why do we continue to design with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a subset of printing process were used to contain philanthropic microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators in Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria genetically designed to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere, and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that do their transition without problems of visit to malaria, and if you zoom even more, you see.
A cold tree of fruit carried.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with water abundant and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of cards of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part: for objects designed to be advertised in the sea, in the sea, they feed the marine life, and put them on the ground, help us grow a tree.
The target for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We are looking at the possibility of creating clothes to maintain life for international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own table of elements -- new forms of life created completely failed forming and increasingly increased in a biological fashion.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid analysis, just instead of combining precise metals -- are synthesized new biological functions within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microbial migraines.
The first is civilization.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater stations.
And the second one, A, color, the bacteria that inhabit in the human intestine.
A conversation is turning light in sugar, the other conservation sugar and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digital tract that will help them flow these bacteria and they reach their function function.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photographs, we had more transparent channels as well.
This particular digital system, when you stretch from one end to another, 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field and 10 times more than our income intense.
And here it is, as a average at TED, our first presidential philosophy, clear liquid channels live inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Starbucks said, "We are creative drugs -- only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase material matter?
And if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the tissue tissue and overcome our bodies.
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material education.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer involves material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do this.
It grew up. It has solution.
This chain of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it will be marriaged.
The non-violent manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It makes it through the combination of two materials, but two proteins in different controllers.
One act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, using those fibers with each other.
And this happens through scales.
The first silk worm is presented in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to human a shopping shell.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hydrogen.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the architectural complexity of the silk worm of silk.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat track, not within a box, we realized that it was a flat horse and still make it standing up.
So we started designing different environments, different autonomous, and we've discovered that form -- composition -- the structure of the horse is directly transmitted by the environment.
They often send the silk worms into the death within their cars, their silk stands and used in the textile industry.
We saw that design these plants we could shape the curved silk without boiling a single vehicle.
They would be shocked up, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process into architectural scale.
We had a holy robot doing silk plants, and we put ourselves into our site.
We knew that silk worms migrate into more dark and cold areas -- so we use a solar-powered diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or aircraft, to block the rays of light and heat, destroying silk worms on structure.
We were prepared to get the orbits.
We asked 650 worms of silk to a online silk farm.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared to human with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and as they have stone, they were struggling, they get embarked, they get eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more closed.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and it was right.
To the silent silk on the red silk silk. They give all this pavilion its intelligence.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 65 weeks of silk are 250 miles.
In a symmetry corner, this is also the length of the silk of the silk.
The policemen, after the election, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional planets in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A guy sitting through a robotic arm, the other full cows.
If the last frontier of design is to give products to products and the buildings that surround us, to form an ecology of two materials, the designers should bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands us for us, for the first time, that we make a burden of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be more?
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked this?
You can show them with fingers.
Three, five, three, five, five.
Now, raise your hand if the question, "What do you want to be more?
It has caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety is.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I like English and cats and art and developed websites, and so on, I played the guitar in a beach called Technology Francisco.
You may have heard of us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, for having a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of transcendence, this sense of, this is no longer a challenge, it gets to sell.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in another thing, something completely different, and I stand on it, and I feel like, "Yes, I've found my money, and then again this point where I start to get up.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I should choose one thing, I would deny all my other passions, and I would be able to get up.
Another reason why I was so excited was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there would be something wrong on this, and something wrong on me because of nothing.
I worry about having fear of engagement, or being dead, or to add or to my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have done then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal meaning to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We ask ourselves, "What do you want to be more?
When we have about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you respond to that age.
You consider an ingenious question to provide linear answers in children like being assembled or "getting barrier: or "I want to be paralyzed."
Imagine the Delhi in Health here.
This question gets us over and over again as we grow out of different ways, fish, sun, high school students are asked you're going to pick up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more?
It's going to be the cute exercise of before what makes us sleep.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it didn't inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you get good adults and say, "Oh, what light you are, but you can't be an art of rape and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles  and he is artificial and paradigm.
And this Amy Nigeria, reduction of magazine converted in infrastructure, company, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is you're going to have to pick up.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real vaccine, the idea that each of us has something to do for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who is not connected in this way?
What happens if there are a lot of different issues that leave their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone in that market.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have an goal.
And feeling that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong on you.
You're a multinational.
A muscle is someone with many interesting interests and creative activities.
It's a book for me to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts -- big, potential and teeth.
You can also use other terms.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who I was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barack Steilt refers to us as scans."
Use any term that you like or invent your own.
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see music as a limitation or a clinic that you should win.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas in my website, is that there are huge strengths when it will be this way.
There are three multicultural surfaces.
One: The ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in interaction.
Stan Hawaii and Rachel Billy expressed their interests shared in catastrophe, data violence, travel, mathematics and design, by raising Mexico.
Mexico is a company that creates geological inspirations genetically.
Stage and Rachel came up with this idea unique by his emotion mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in interactions.
From there they produce the new ideas.
And the multinations, with all their ancestors, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second muscle superpower is the rapid learning.
When we multiply it for something, let's go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to being principles, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we have, so we rarely start from zero.
North Dunus is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a picture of phones prefer an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest metabolic meeting.
Before they become writing, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the most final sales of sales when he started their practices, and this skill helps him write consumers for the editors for the editors for the editors for the editors for the editors for the editors for the editors for the editors for the editors for the editors, and this ability.
It would rarely be a time of time to dedicate what you get to you, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third muscle superpower is adult. I mean, the ability to transform in anything that you need in a given situation.
Adam Carolina is sometimes director of videos, others, web designer, sometimes constraint of Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and, sometimes, James Bono.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles -- depending on the needs of their clients.
The National Foundation Company defined adapted as the most important skill for development, to prepare in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and ingredients that are the individuals and organizations that can paint to satisfy the needs of the market -- the ones that really will grow.
Senses of ideas, quick learning and adolescence: three abilities where muscles are very hostile and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in feeding the muscles to be themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, special.
They came out of the wind knowing because they wanted to be penguins neuroscientist.
They don't worry, there's nothing wrong on you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are about a special and a marketing multinational.
The specialists can go deep and put ideas in practice, and the muscle provides an increase of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that orbit how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the muscles in large part of you are assigned to simply be more like your specific partners.
And once I said this, if there is one thing you get out of this talk, I hope that it is this: you remember with the internal capture, it's what it is.
If you are a heart specialization, then you go through all media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the muscles in the room, including those who are just one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, remember with their many participants.
They follow their curiosity for those control drugs.
So explore the interactions.
To open our inner landscape leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multinational musicians, needs us.
Thank you.
In 1999, a woman named Earth was taken to a psychologist in France.
The outside distributed and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor is called Alzheimers.
Allians didn't know how to help America, but I went through her until that, unfortunately, failed in 1960.
After his death, Alaska did an ambulance and found strange plates and options in the British brain, a guy who'd never seen before.
Even more surprising.
If Obama had been alive today, we couldn't give it to her more help than Alaska gave him 140 years ago.
Alzheimer's was Dr. Alzheimer's Alzheimer's.
And European Department, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1989, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics and vaccines have been discovered to protect us from infection -- many treatments for cancer, alternative for HIV, states for cartoons and much more.
But it's been produced in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer's now affects 40 million all over the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million people, by the way, include many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 15 or more, the chance to hire Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their years with Alzheimer's or helping to care a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's.
Now only in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of medical obesity is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its cost provides an increase of five times in 2050, as you send the generation of the bamboo ship.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the 10 death causes all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent them, cure or even manage their development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more the Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know about, but everybody would say, Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 18 years, all of us, scientists -- constantly the scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be sense of a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only to look at a picture of a brain aging brain in comparison with an Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to sending a loss loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly the hope of life and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the East brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of prototypes of proteins.
You can think of a molecule of protein like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in the paper that are penguins.
And when you get right, these sticky dots end up in the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules pay with each other, forming groups that can form large plates and zeros.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's patients.
We've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this distribution works.
There are many steps -- and the influence of what happens to block is complex, like destroying a bomb.
Collecting a cable could do anything.
Collaboratively the others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does.
Until recently, most of you have reduced the wires and waiting the best.
But now there is a different group of people, doctors, biologists, CEOs, physicists, physicists and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process, now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in women.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are paying each other within them, as humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs in a early stage, then we see that they save and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 140 years of hope, there is real hope of what can be done in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to sell the Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's you.
We must convince you that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we tried, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, patients, and their families have heard more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legals.
That was essential to advance the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too delicious to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
The Alzheimer's is not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and help me demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York City column in January of this year.
To get away from someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the laboratory, and my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are starting to ask them 33 more and more personal questions, and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples of examples.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?"
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And alone?
As you move up, these are more and more personal.
Number 30, I really like -- I say to your partner what you get away from him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, one detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months later, and invited all of the lab to ceremony to the ceremony to the ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but since then, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the chance to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to get up.
However, we fell down, and  And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Muslim column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already attacked, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, follow together still still?
And the reason I believe this is because I've done this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the topic.
A week before the article was very nervous.
I've been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been tempted to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundreds of views like a lot, and those were usually just from my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times will probably have a thousand views.
And that makes a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as you saw, I had no idea.
The article posted on line a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday has already called me the State State and the Google Museum American.
In a month, the article received more than eight million vision, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust by writing self-seeking about loved experiences, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks -- always they asked the same question: still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in my email of my email with the phrase, "Is they still together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and colleagues like this.
I was involved in radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman raised up to the stage, "Hey, "Hello Mars where your neighborhood?
And I immediately put red.
So this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable by asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the reserve of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have saved life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published an automatic article for San Valley, who included the experiences of the readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first disaster was to be very restricted with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we would both make a public appearance together.
And I recorded television interviews, and they gave the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the income of the little picture process, a robot that I don't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or yes, if I was able to produce love, not just an adventure but love real, love losing.
But this was a question that I don't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt about everything, that people would ask the wrong question.
How do you know if you follow together or not, and you will just tell it?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of research was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I sought to fund international attention between college students, using what Aaron called such sustainable and progressive personal survivor and record.
Sounds religious, right?
But the study does work.
The participants were more close to doing it. Several studies were also using the Prison Red Protected prototype as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political diseases.
The original version of history, which I tried to have last summer, that combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little university of liberal arts college, and then a student approached me and said to me with the show -- I tried the studio and didn't work.
He seemed distributed by it.
And I said, "You want to say you love the person who you do it?
Well, he made a pause of it.
I think she only wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But they became better friends.
Did you feel that you could get better after testing the studio.
The attention.
So worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled up with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was taking a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was basically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I ran in science.
I invented everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that to be able to sell the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought I just research for the book I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was amazed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and just as I sat then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what it looks for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than they can really threaten me.
What I look for love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but it will continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a journey to get up.
There may be a way to somehow mix something out of the impact risk, and this is a very attractive story, because you will get it wrong, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask, still still together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, "How do you decide who you deserve your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things behave and how do you know when you cut and distribute?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably carries a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your paralyzing partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship story, it's this, a year ago, a meeting and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together. And I'm very happy.
But you're going to love you not the same thing as being embraced.
You'll get to love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, "Love didn't happen.
Let's look at us because we took the choice to be.
And I set up a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that was happening that choice.
Not to consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how much time I have to keep doing that choice without knowing if he always chose me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and yellow and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest day in America.
But what I've done instead is to convert my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really think.
And what it looks for, and what maybe I spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the final happy expectation on the title of my article -- which is, in the purpose, the only part of the article I didn't actually write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying -- but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few legs in the mountain and in a certain way like a grandmaster of the forest.
New York City a time ago,  -- something that really affects me but more detail.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I put a dollar out of a dollar, a pen and a fork on it somewhere.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spirits.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a moment, I was at Hawaii -- like to go from emotion and make surface and all these weird things, and I was making a street for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw up all the pages and I made a kind of collaborative circuits to the style Agnes Mars, the record covers and a bee kept attached.
Well, my mother has fear to bees, and it's allergic to them, so I had more resident in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like it came out of size, as if you were to look at the text with a light.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started to add electronic elements, sands, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can fly trips, draw as you do about a card in the scene of crime.
And I took the objects out, and I created my own investors in invented.
First of all, bombs that you can do an idea.
Then I did some weird insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the rescue layers in the reserve.
And it was great, because I started moving exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Delhi.
It was great, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form, resolution sculptures of natural beings with human beings within layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I love it.
I didn't know what to do, because the reserve was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using resistance.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big, that I call the prison."
To the crisis I was inspired by the grandmother of the Delhinism of Lincoln Boston designers, which is a painting at the Museum of Project in Spain.
Do you know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the crime."
It weighs 1,200 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has twice a face, so it's 10 feet of compassion.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there's Jesse and the lines.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They're going from the world of representation to this analytical mesh instrument where they hide it.
This is where creatures with animals are drawn down to the ground, ready to support them in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird girl tied to a seal.
Billy Grand is in the sea, the Hirshhorn -- the paradigm of the stone, Walker, the refugee of Osama bin Laden -- there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of a formula.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it sends oil in a hand while that the other hand is coming back.
Their hands are like balls and it looks like a microbial being that keeps Earth and the cosmos.
So it's a particular aspect of the crime.
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then when you go on the other side, it has a translator, like a bird piece of bird, and you spit out of this translator.
It also has a 50 feet long, a search tail that binds the prison."
Anyway, his tail would pretend fire when they put on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a color hide balloon made from terrorist cards, 1975.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were self-death cards of terrorism.
Very advanced to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "spaces."
This is a six year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are engineering, digital or received.
But each act as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the same time.
They're like cells, they get together, they split.
And you can walk between them. It's taking years.
Each one is basically a piece of microscope that weighs 1.3 pounds with a human trapped in its gut.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the fish, you can get the entrance off.
I'll take you for the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or notice, or whatever you have, a kind of antibiotic thing.
It's a quick waste of these works because I can't explain for a long time.
We have layers -- you can see.
This is a particular body by half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills that go out and enter the head of this strange statue here.
There's a small forest scene inside the current kitchen.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Peter Wolfram.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neurologist, a painting, a music, a writer, a radio, a market, a school, a school, an editorial arm that makes all the content that we do in the world, and a garden.
We measure the box and all the people in the middle with each other like particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefine who it is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of countries, from the borders, the religion -- it doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with double-based and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you shake your head?
Take a supernova.
But so that this pleasure has effect against pain, first of all, the stations and other organs.
To take a pill, it is the most effective system and income it so that any drug is effective in the body.
The disability, however, is that by fixing it any medicine is disputed.
And this is a great problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these are just to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the research of CDC cells.
But they are also known by their adverse side effects, in their greatest negative, because in the time that they are going to get to the blood, they disappear, and worse even for the time that they get to their destination, which is where most important, at the HIV department.
These are regions of the body as the lymph balls, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is incompleted and not easily in the blood canopy of the patients that are moving into the therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
Yet after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a life of life that is adding by gold.
One day, I sat and thought, "Can we make the treat directly to the detail of virus, without the risk of diagnosis of medicine?
As a scientific expert in laser, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use in technology, for the care of wounds and surgery of diabetes, you can use for anything imagination, including the alternative transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or paste extremely small holes, which opens up and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
You ask yourself, "How is that possible?
We send a little laser ray on the cellular membrane that are infected by HIV as these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains drugs.
The laser takes the cell, whereas the cell absorbs drug in terms of milliseconds.
Before you even notice, the hole is inflated immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in video or in Pice plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into human body, apply it to the human body.
"What is that possible? You can ask you.
Well, the answer is, through a three heads device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an increase at the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an instrument that distributes drug -- releases it directly at the site of infection, while the laser is used again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total structure of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all of HIV, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-lethal armed groups, organizations like terrorists, instruments or microbes.
I document what these groups do when they're not delivering.
My goal is to understand these genetic agents of violence and study ways to increase the transition of violent participation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course because war has changed.
It used to be a disaster between states.
Not yet.
Now it's a conflict between states and actors.
For example, from the 276 peace acres between 1970 and 2011, 1969 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, even we need to engage them or break them into any successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody analyzed what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the political policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to them, without global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Heart Leader, known by his violent cooling against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Health has also established a political past, a network of social services and military device.
Similarly, Palestinian Palestinians, known by his suicide attacks against Israel -- also admire the Garden Francisco since 2007.
So these groups do more than just discovering.
They're multi-to-to-to-to-to- multinational.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations, TV channels, websites websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the R&D magazine, printed in English and advertising to recover.
The armed groups also invest in a complex review of funds without sands, but through reasonable business, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to get better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools -- they build hospitals, they put in a frame of professional training programs or microbes.
Henry offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that state doesn't get in and safety and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn by the war or even the beginning of the ISA, you can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, social services means to fill a cow, a gap left by government, and allow these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006, the Palestinian Man cannot understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we analyze the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are helicopter.
They grow because they call gaps left by government, and they sound like armed groups, and political groups, participate in violent struggle and generation.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organisms are, the less we can be able to take them like something against a state.
How do you call a group like Henry?
They dominated part of a territory, they add all their functions -- they pick out the trash -- they admire the sewers system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is IPC?
The lines are deliberately.
We live in a world of states, of nations without state and hybrid -- and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East, the more intervene and they fill that gap.
This is important for governments, because to hire these groups to have to invest more in the military tools.
To fill that government glass has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consume peace.
If we understand better groups, we're going to understand better what incentives to promote the transition of violence to nonviolent people.
In this new device between states and non-state actors, military power can win some bacteria, but we won't give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that governance cow that allowed these groups to prepare in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are vertically, but I fear that embracing the tag tag would be unfair.
I'm a female, but pretty bad.
And therefore I get adopted as a bad feminist for me.
Or, at least I wrote an article -- and a book called "The bad Feminy and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Maladari Germany.
So what started as a personal joke dedicated to myself and a deliberate prevention has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about philosophers, these Palestinian women, angry with men and hated sex. As if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people who could be feminist.
To be labeled as a feminist was an accusation.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow rules, which I asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud of it.
For me, certain claims are irrationally, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same step for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want to, and the brain and violence.
We have right to use easily and accessible anticipations and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need of legislative control or ideological documents.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality -- social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of attention, our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of controllers.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist for me.
I have another conference.
When I drive work, I hear music rap military to all volunteers.
Although the letter delivered women and offered me deeply, the classic "Star Shakespeare of the High Tree Times is amazing.
"Do it reality with your fish campaign.
dog, give me, move till you hurt the continuity."
Think about it.
Poetry poetry, right?
I'm completely demonstrated by my musical likes.
I believe strongly at the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks, but also kill insects, the rain of garbage and the heart of the market and the manufacturing maintenance and the manufacturing shell.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
It was enjoying fashion magazine and beautiful things.
I can see "The Bangladesh and romantic comedy -- and I have an abstract false of the stories that they actually do.
Some of my disasters are more desperate.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his election, and I'm not who to judge with.
If a woman decided to stay home to raise his children, I accept that election, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same election, the problem is that our society is controlled so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose them.
We solve this problem.
It records the conventional feminist that has ignored or disappeared historically the needs of color women -- workers and homosexuality and trans -- in favor of white women, hydrogen, middle class and high.
You know, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad feminist for you.
The following thing is, as a photographer, feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feeding feminist in a power.
We hope that they destroy poverty.
When we get disappeared, we would take them up with a lot of like the same potential where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I am already aware of that cave before they try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, have fear of being labeled as females.
They have fear of standing up and say, "Yes, I'm a female for fear to what that tag means, for fear to not be able to deal with a few realistic expectations.
Take for example to Beijing, or as I call it.
In the last few years, it's a degradation death.
In the videos of Muidest Museums in 2012, at MIT, I went ahead of the word "awesome" of three feet high.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the role embracing the feminist and making young men and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Right time, cultural critics began to have interesting debate when Beijing was or not precisely feminist either.
They call their feminist instead of just believing the word of a adult and massive woman.
We demand perfect personality, because we are still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much consciously constantly.
We're going to go far beyond the sensible and constructive crisis, to design the feminist of any woman -- to destroy it until it's nothing.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist -- or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens next?
We just recognize our implications to give stories, go to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear music music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing a limited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we extract change affecting their gardens.
No doubt is hard.
Why do you have your music that will be so peaceful?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when bad decisions are approaching this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
These are two big, decision and brilliant girls, and also very valuable. I want you to grow in a world.
Where you care about the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, of course, the best option was very much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with the sex violence against women as a sports -- it is the Telescope Jean.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than decentralized objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers as bookstore banks.
In any case, men, especially white men -- hypothesis can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in their magazine, to participate in their project, or to work with you, until it doesn't include a number of women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising or your organization is more uncomfortable with a more broad range of people.
Those of us who are surprised but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also benefit to be included until more as we are willing to overcome the barriers to the decision-making positions.
Because we are not a severe person, without these efforts without adopting these positions -- our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can take these little bits of value and hope that our decisions come to the top, to the people in the rural power and producers of cinema and music, CDs, legals, legals, people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also admit our feminism -- well, bad, or anyone else.
The last line of my book Mars Feynman: He says, "I'd like to be a bad feminist to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen and the feminist helped me pick it.
There was an incident.
I call it incomplete to do what happened.
A few girls told me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
They stole my voice, and after all, I wouldn't believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to write.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
The words of those women who could understand a story like me, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful than you can measure.
Through writing and feminism -- I also discovered that if it was a little brave -- another woman could go and see that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I solve the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave when you need such a valuable.
Right after Christmas last year, 133 children in California, they had a marathon for having visited Dingula or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then reaches the border with Canada, reporting more than 100 children in want.
One of the tragic things about this joke is that the measles, which can be fatal for a child with a devastating immune system, is one of the most widely preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this from more than more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Digerty Brown hadn't been vaccinated because their parents had fear of something supposedly worse, the autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that gave the policy about autism and the vaccines and desperately and born for being a fruit delicious by the British Medical Journal?
Isn't most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a station?
I think most of you know, but millions of fathers around the world continue to think that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of autism increases in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I'd heard about her believed to develop all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates had just three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to disappear.
Forests of funds like autism September are related to autism as an epidemic like an epidemic -- as if I could focus on another child in Delhi.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Centers of Disease of Atlanta, what is happening, tend to be based on phrases like the unfortunate diagnostic brains and a better detection of cases to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language is not a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of his two years, the visual control.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced to the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1930s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and careful progress of science than with the sustainable power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what the autism, and how it discovered, but that story turned out to be false and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism than had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with an infant psychiatrist -- Leo King, from the hospital John Hollywood. In 1964, Kinsey published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to make private worlds -- no one to people around them, even to their own parents.
They could move for hours holding their hands down to their faces, but they were prisoners of the panic for people like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their room without knowing them.
Over the base of patients treated in their clinic, Kinsey speculated that autism is very rare.
For the decade of 1950, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of their syndrome, as I collect reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not strange, because the Kings of Kansas for autism diagnosis were very resistant.
For example, destroyed to give that diagnosis to children with connections, but now we know that slavery is very common in autism.
Once he had turned up to nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to their prison for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kinsey was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not accurate.
It controls autism as a form of child physicists caused by cold parents and disasters.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator.
At the same time, however, Kanus noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are abandoned in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before we get the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records -- he said, "General her."
But Kinsey had a bad opinion of these skills, taking things like children were just giving up what they had heard their parents, desperate for winning their passion.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for family, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, turning into invisible for the world.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kennedy that autism was weird.
Leonardo William, collective psychologist of London -- I thought the theory of the mother mothers from Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and her wife John were warm and advanced people, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Superman.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Superman without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National National Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague Joseph Google decided to do something that should have been 30 years ago.
They did a pressure of autism prevalence in general population.
They took a submarine of London called Collaborator to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw was that the model of Kennedy was too limited, because autism reality was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children could not speak at all, whereas others were imprisoned in their fascination for psychology, in dinosaurs or in the generosity of reality.
Otherwise, these children didn't fit in beautiful cameras and standards, as John, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolital model of Kabul would have predicted it.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have lost these children before?
But then Leonardo found a reference to an article published in Germany in 1944, the next year to the Kanuman article -- and then he forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kinsey knew about this article of competition, but it was scary to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Leonardo talked German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Spanish, who drew an integrated clinic with an inner school in Vietnam in the 1930s.
The ideas of Projection for children with learning differences were even progression for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercise classes with music, and children follow their games.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, applied to describe it as a political disability of life that required shared forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Projection called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
Funding, Professor saw autism as a diverse continent that provided a staggering variety of dense and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always have been, watching aspects of this continent in artists known in the pop culture as the right social scientist and the designed teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a picture of autism is essential.
Lord and Jewish discovered that Kanel was wrong in that autism was inspiring, so that parents were the careers.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychology to expand the diagnostics of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autism section."
In the late '80s and early '90s, their changes ended up in virtual, holding the limited model of Kosovo by an exception and even antibiotic antibiotic.
These changes did not fall in the red.
Sadly, when Leonardo and Jewish worked between translations to reform these crisis, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out of Robin Man in 1984, only a little circle, I was running for experts knew what the autism was, but after the incredible performance of Dubai Hopkins as Rachel Bangladesh and the recognition of Random Man with four members of Antarctica, penguins, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what the autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little bit of experts to make a diagnosis for her son.
The combination of Random Mandela, the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism.
The number of diagnostics started to be elected, like they predicted Leonardo and Jewish, in fact expected that it was out, making people with autism, and their families finally had the support and services that were resident.
So Andrew Washington came to blaming vaccines for increase in diagnostics, a simple, powerful, self-seeking story as bad as the theory of Kennedy that the autism was inspiring.
If the current estimate of the center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism are one of the largest mineral groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to restore the idea that they are the puzzles for solving for the new medical advances in the term to celebrate the virtues of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows -- it doesn't mean it's rich.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
However, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world didn't build for them.
70 years later, we're still moving to Projection, which believed that the curve for the most intangible aspects of autism are in understanding teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Milky Bank once said, "We need all the hands in Cuba to raise the battle of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as society.
We can't afford to describe a brain.
Thank you.
